{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f4\fs28\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f4 
\sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f4 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \sbasedon16\snext15 Term Title;}{\s16\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \snext16 Topic Text;}{
\s17\fi-288\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 \snext17 Topic Text Offset;}{\s18\li245\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 Normal Indent;}{\s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 footnote text;}{\*\cs20 \additive\super \sbasedon10 
footnote reference;}{\s21\fi-288\li288\sb60\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon25\snext21 Topic Bullet List;}{\s22\fi-288\li864\widctlpar\tx864 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon27\snext22 Topic Bullet List Indent;}{\s23\fi-1440\li1440\sb60\widctlpar\tx1440 \f7\fs16 
\snext23 Topic Text (w/Tab);}{\s24\sb60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \snext25 Topic Step Intro;}{\s25\fi-288\li288\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 \snext25 Topic Step #;}{\*\cs26 \additive\caps\fs12\lang1033  Text Code;}{\s27\fi-288\li864\widctlpar\tx864 \f7\fs16 
\snext27 Topic Step # Indent;}{\s28\li245\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \snext16 Topic Text Indent;}{\s29\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext29 Custom;}{\s30\fi-288\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx288 \f5\fs20 \snext16 Topic Note Dk Red;}{
\s31\fi-288\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx288 \f5\fs20 \snext16 Topic Note Dk Green;}{\s32\sb60\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon16\snext16 Topic Related Text;}{\*\cs33 \additive\f7\uldb\cf11\lang1033\nosupersub \sbasedon10 
Text Term;}{\s34\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \snext16 Topic Title (NSR);}{\s35\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \sbasedon16\snext35 Context-help;}{\s36\sb60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon16\snext37 Definition Title;}{\s37\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 
\sbasedon16\snext37 Definition Text;}{\s38\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext38 header;}{\s39\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext39 footer;}{\s40\fi-288\li288\sa40\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 \snext40 
Topic Table Bullet List;}{\s41\sb20\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \snext41 Topic Table Bullet List Intro;}{\*\cs42 \additive\sbasedon10 page number;}}{\info{\title Chicago help template}{\author Elizabeth Anders}{\operator Elizabeth Anders}
{\creatim\yr1998\mo6\dy25\hr13\min37}{\revtim\yr1998\mo7\dy2\hr12\min58}{\printim\yr1998\mo6\dy29\hr8\min52}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords1329}{\nofchars7579}{\*\company Symantec}{\vern57431}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\linkstyles\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\header \pard\plain \s38\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 Ntintro.rtf First Atomic/Maxwell Tech Review {\field{\*\fldinst  DATE }{\fldrslt {\lang1024 06/29/98}}}
{\field{\*\fldinst  TIME }{\fldrslt {\lang1024 8:52 AM}}}\tab {\field{\*\fldinst {\cs42  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs42\lang1024 6}}}
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s39\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  AUTHOR  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Elizabeth Anders}}}
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  FILENAME  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 NTNINTRO}}}
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  PRINTDATE  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 06/29/98 8:52 AM}}}
\par }{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s34\sb80\sa80\keep\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\cs20 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super *}NT}} {\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_ABOUT_THE_SCHEDULER}} {\cs20 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super $}About the Scheduler}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super K}Scheduler, about}} {
\cs20 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_I0090}} {\cs20 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super >} main}} {\cs20 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 002}{\super 2}}}
 About the Scheduler
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\fs20 
You can schedule virus scans that run unattended weekly. If you are using the computer when the scheduled scan begins, it runs in the background so that you do not have to stop. If you performed a complete setup of Norton AntiVirus, a scan of all local ha
rd disks is scheduled to run automatically once weekly. 
\par \{bmct symw4006.mrb\}\tab On the Alerts Settings tab, you can set an option (CPU load) that allows you to slow the scanning speed when the CPU load reaches a certain amount. This ensures that the Scheduler Services will always run. 
\par }\pard\plain \s32\sb60\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f7\fs16 {\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_V0075")\} for more information.
\par }\pard\plain \s34\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \page {\cs20 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super *} NT}} {\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_ABOUT_NETWORK_SCANNING}} {\cs20 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super $}About Security under Windows NT}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super K}security under Windows NT, about}} {\cs20 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar 
\f4\fs20 {\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_V5005}} {\cs20 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 0024}}>{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super >} main}} About security under Windows NT
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\fs20 Windows NT, because of its flexibility and built-in security, presents special problems for vi
rus control. Under the NT file system (NTFS), you can set different access permissions to the file, folder, or object (such as the boot records) level for each user or group. Not all users will be able to scan all items.
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-288\li288\sb60\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 {\fs20 \{bmct symw4003.mrb\}\tab 
If an access denied dialog box is ever displayed, first make sure that you have the necessary permissions for the operation (scan, repair, or delete) that you are trying to perform on that boot record, file, or folder.
\par Note that you may find the following rights and privileges apply to boot records:
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab To scan boot records, administrator-level rights are required (even on standalone computers).
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab For shared computers, file access is often limited to one's own files. Only one user must be designated as administrator with rights to scan the system files and boot records.
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab For servers, an administrator must initiate comprehensive scans, but you can scan files on any drive to which you are connected.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s34\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\b0 \page }{\cs20 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super *} NT}} {\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_ABOUT_NAV}} {\cs20 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super $}About Norton AntiVirus}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super K}Norton AntiVirus, about}} {\cs20 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super A}
 NAVDSK_I0000}} {\cs20 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 0032}}>{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super > main}}}About Norton AntiVirus
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\fs20 
Norton AntiVirus is the most sophisticated and powerful product available to safeguard your computer from virus infection, no matter what the source. If you performed a complete (not custom) setup of Norton AntiVirus, you are protected from viruses that s
pread from hard or floppy disks, viruses that travel across networks, and even viruses that are transmitted across the Internet. 
\par }{\b\fs20 Here's what Norton AntiVirus does automatically:
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-288\li288\sb60\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 {\fs20 \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab Checks boot records for viruses at system startup.
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab Checks programs for viruses at the time you use them.
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab Checks floppy disks for boot viruses when you use them.
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab Scans files that are downloaded from the Internet.
\par }\pard\plain \s16\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\b\fs20 Here's what you can do with Norton AntiVirus:
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-288\li288\sb60\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 {\fs20 \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab Scan specific files, folders, or entire drives for viruses.
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab Schedule virus scans to run at predetermined times.
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab Update virus definitions files regularly.
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab Customize Norton AntiVirus protection to match your risk level of virus infection.
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab Quarantine infected files for submission to the Symantec AntiVirus Research Center (SARC). Files submitted to SARC are analyzed and the results are reported automatically.
\par }\pard\plain \s32\sb60\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f7\fs16 {\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_I0010; NAVDSK_I0060; NAVDSK_I0020; NAVDSK_I0065; NAVDSK_I0075; NAVDSK_V0250; NAVDSK_I0025; NAVDSK_V0010")\} for more information.
\par }\pard\plain \s34\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \page {\cs20 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super *}NT}} {\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_TYPES_OF_VIRUSES}} {\cs20 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super $}About virus risk under Windows NT}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super K}viruses, types of; viruses, under Windows NT; Windows NT; virus risk}} {\cs20 A
{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_I0040}} {\cs20 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super > main}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 0021}}}
 About virus risk under Windows NT{\b0 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\fs20 There are three main types of viruses: 
\par }\pard \s16\sb60\nowidctlpar {\fs20 \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab 
Program viruses, which infect application, operating system and other executable files. Windows NT has inherited all MS-DOS program viruses, which do infect Windows NT executables. However, there are not yet any Windows NT specific viruses. Under Windows 
NT, DOS programs are run in DOS memory space. While in a DOS session, they continue to infect other programs and can interfere with DOS operations. Generally, program viruses remain active in your computer's memory after an infected program is executed un
til you end the DOS session.
\par \{bmct symw4005.mrb\}\tab Note that Norton AntiVirus also scans Microsoft Word and Excel documents when scanning program files. Although these are not program files, they can be infected by Macro Viruses.
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab }{\fs20\uldb Boot viruses}{\v\fs20 DEF_BOOT_RECORD@NAVGLOSS.HLP}{\fs20  are a particular risk
 under Windows NT. A boot virus activates at system startup, before the Windows NT operating system is loaded. If NT can load despite a boot virus infection, the virus is disabled in memory. Your computer is still infected, but the virus does not show its
 usual symptoms or spread while Windows NT is running. Many times, however, you won't be able to start up at all. If you boot into MS-DOS on a multi-boot system, the virus is not disabled.
\par \{bmct symw4006.mrb\}\tab All hard and floppy disks have boot records, whe
ther or not they also contain operating system files. A disk does not have to be bootable to be infected by a boot virus; data disks can contain boot viruses, too. A typical way a computer gets a boot infection is to restart with an infected floppy disk i
n the drive. Even if the floppy disk is not a boot disk, the virus activates and spreads.
\par Some viruses (called multipartite viruses) fall into both categories. In addition, particular viruses in these categories may be categorized as stealth or polymorphic. Known viruses are categorized in the }{\fs20\ul Virus List}{\v\fs20 
DEF_VIRUS_LIST@NAVGLOSS.HLP}{\fs20  by how often you find them, what they infect and how they behave.
\par }\pard \s16\sb120\nowidctlpar {\fs20 \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab Macro viruses are viruses that are contained in Microsoft Word and Excel documents. They can spread when you open or save the document.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s32\sb60\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f7\fs16 {\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_I0025")\} for more information.
\par }\pard\plain \s16\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s34\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \page {\cs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super *} NAV95}}{\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super #} IDH_NAVW_COMMAND_LINE_SWITCHES}} {
\cs20 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super $}Command line switches}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super K}command line switches; switches, command line}} {\cs20 A{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_I0160}} {\cs20 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super > main}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 0130}}}Command line switches
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\fs20 NAVWNT.EXE is the Windows interface and scanner. It can be run with command-line switches, typically from the Start menu Run command, to override configuration settings. 
\par NAVWNT [[pathname] options]
\par }\pard \s16\fi-1620\li1620\sb60\widctlpar\tx1638\tx8856 {\fs20 pathname\tab 
Any drive, folder, file, or combination of these is canned. If you want to scan a combination of items, use a space to separate the items. You can use wildcards when specifying pathnames for a group of files (for example, NAVWNT A:C:\\MYDIR\\*.EXE
\par /A\tab All drives, except drives A: and B:, are scanned. Network drives are scanned if the Allow Network Scanning option is selected in the Scanner Advanced Settings dialog box.
\par }\pard \s16\sb60\widctlpar\tx1638\tx8856 {\fs20 /L\tab All local drives, except drives A: and B:, are scanned.
\par /S[+|-]\tab Enables (+) or disables (-) scanning of subfolders specified in the pathname; S+ is the default.
\par /M[+|-]\tab Enables (+) or disables (-) scanning of memory (for example, NAVWNT C:/M or NAVWNT D:/M-)
\par /MEM\tab Only memory is scanned.
\par }\pard \s16\fi-1620\li1620\sb60\widctlpar\tx1638\tx8856 {\fs20 /B[+|-]\tab Enables (+) or disables (-) scanning of boot records (for example, NAVWNT A: /B+ or NAVWNT B: /B-); default is the Scanner options setting
\par /BOOT\tab Only the boot records of the specified drives are scanned.
\par }\pard \s16\sb60\widctlpar\tx1638\tx8856 {\fs20 /NORESULTS\tab No scan results are reported on screen.
\par }\pard \s16\sb60\widctlpar 
\par \pard\plain \s34\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \page {\cs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super *} NT}} {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_CREDITS}} {
\cs20\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super $}Credits}} {\cs20\super A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_I0100}} {\cs20\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super 
+ INFO: 0025}}>{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\super >} main}} Credits
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb120\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\b\fs20 Product Management}{\fs20 
\par }\pard \s16\sb60\widctlpar {\fs20 Lily Duong, Alex Haddox, Neils Johnson, Marian Merritt, John Moldenhauer, Robert Pettit, Sharon Ruckman
\par }{\b\fs20 Project Management
\par }{\fs20 Brian Foster, Jim Brennan}{\b\fs20 
\par Software Development}{\fs20 
\par David Allee, Jim Brennan, David Buches, Darren Chi, George Dzieciol, Scott Edwards, Barry Gerhardt, Michael Keating, John Millard, Carey Nachenberg, Dan Sackinger, Ken Sackinger, Thomas Smith, Radoslav Stanev, Jacob Taylor, Steve Trilling 
\par }{\b\fs20\cf1 Quality assurance
\par }{\fs20\cf1 
Dan Bjerke, Kerry Boyte, Chris Brown, Rob Ficcaglia, Kevin Ho, Debbie Ka, Sean Martin, Melissa Mendonca, Howard Mora, Tom Morrissey, Greg Patterson, Garret Polk, Sam Porterfield, Brent Ridley, Jeff Sulton, Kent Tang, Morry Teitelman, Dan Uyemura, and Mic
hael "Sparky" Willison
\par }{\b\fs20 SWAT Team}{\fs20 
\par Jonathon Allee, Stanley Ballenger, Jim Belden, Tim Cashin, Paul Davis, Michael Dunn, Igor Goldshteyn, Bob Kolosky, Zoey Reyes, Scott Smith
\par }\pard \s16\sb120\widctlpar {\b\fs20 Shared Tech}{\fs20 
\par }\pard \s16\sb60\widctlpar {\fs20 Cameron Bigger, Don Carver, Alireza Faroush, Roger Hollman Jim Lamb, Jim Lucan, Bruce McCorkendale, Bryan Martin, Patrick Martin, Heath Perryman, Mark Spiegel, Oleg Volochtchouk 
\par }{\b\fs20 Documentation and Online Help}{\fs20 
\par Elizabeth Anders, Alfred Ghadimi, Karen Goldsmith, Robert Hoffman, Romey Keys, and Robert Squires
\par }{\b\fs20 Technical Support Team}{\fs20 
\par Valentine Ashman, Andrea Baughman, Michelle Bodrug, Earl Campbell, Don Crosgrey, Kyle Dodge, Thomas Dunsmoor, Don Faiman, Christine Frazer, Peter Fuzessery, Rochelle Hamlet, Mark Hammerschmith, Pam Heine, Don Hess, Todd Kieser, Danny Krautschek, Richard L
ee, Michael Logue, David Lucas, Russell Lusignan, Patrick MacPherson, Larry McHenry, Patrick Merjo, Stephen Mickeler, Dimitri Mitskopoulos, Don Oldenburg, Dn Pederson, LaVonne Perry, Leon Plueard, Clive Rose, Chris Shapcott, Brian Sharman, Matthew Smith, 
Eric Stallings, Olga Stamatiou, Chris Steele, Robert Walling, Jason Walsh, Michael Williams, James Whitted
\par }{\b\fs20 Engineering Services Team}{\fs20 
\par Frank Arjasbi, Stephen Blackmoore, Erick Bryant, Peter Cagney, James Dietrich, Richard Espy, Renal Fuller, Alex Harrington, Will Jobe, Kim Johnston, Sebastian Somchai Lai, Mike Linsenmayer, Alena Montfort, and Dwight Wilson
\par }{\b\fs20 Symantec AntiVirus Research Center (SARC)}{\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\f7 Darren Lee Ang, David Banes, Diop Bankole, Frank Barajas, Sherralee Buzzell, Matt Candelaria, Philip DeBats, Eric
 Chien, Raul Elnitiarta, Chris Formulak, Tigran Khanpapyan , Maryl Magee, Abid Oonwala, Charles Renert, Ren\'e9 Visser, John Wilber, Motoaki Yamamura 
\par }
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\fs20 
\par }}