     *****************************************************************
                 Norton AntiVirus for Windows NT techsup.TXT
                               September 1996
     *****************************************************************
                   Copyright (c) 1996 Symantec Corporation


Miscellaneous tech support notes

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you are not administrator, pressing the scheduler button will do
nothing.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Note:
  A copy of the section below can also be found in the file README.TXT in
  the NAVAP area.  Please keep the information in both files synchronized.

* NAVAP Internal registry keys.

  All NAVAP internal registry keys are located under:

  WinNT: \HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE
         |
         +-\SOFTWARE
         | |
         | +-\Symantec
           | |
           | +-\Norton AntiVirus NT
             | |
             | +-\Auto-Protect
               | |
               | +-\InternalSettings
                 | |
                 | |
                   |
                   |

  Win95: \HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE
         |
         +-\SOFTWARE
         | |
         | +-\Symantec
           | |
           | +-\Norton AntiVirus
             | |
             | +-\Auto-Protect
               | |
               | +-\InternalSettings
                 | |
                 | |
                   |
                   |

  These keys are examined only when the NAVAP driver loads.  External calls
  to the driver (such as reloading the configuration) can not change their
  status.

  Win95:
    When NAVAP.VXD is loaded statically, unloading the agent and loading
    it again will not force the VxD to reload the internal registry keys.

  If an internal key is not present in the registry when NAVAP loads, its
  default value is used.

  Win95:
    Some of the registry keys documented here are not yet supported in any
    shipping Windows 95 products.  Refer to the documentation supplied with
    Luigi and LuigiPlus for information similar to the one below.

  List of the internal registry keys:

  -------------

  Key:         ControlBreakHandler
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     1
  Platforms:   Win95
  Description: When NAVAP loads, it installs a Control-Break / Control-C
               hook, which protects the driver from being interrupted while
               servicing events.  If this key contains 0 when NAVAP loads,
               the hook will not be installed, and RM clients will be allowed
               to interrupt the driver while it is servicing events.  Such
               interruptions could leave the current VM or the whole system
               in an unusable state.
  Purpose:     Needed when tracking problems.

  -------------

  Key:         DeviceShutdownDelayTime
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     2000
  Platforms:   Win95
  Description: During shutdown, NAVAP can be configured to scan removable
               media devices for boot sector viruses.  This key contains the
               number of milliseconds NAVAP will wait for after the last
               device was scanned before proceeding with the shutdown.
  Purpose:     Several users have reported that when restarting their
               computers in MS-DOS mode, their floppy disk drives do not stop
               spinning after the boot scan during shutdown.  This is because
               NAVAP scans the devices right before Windows returns to RM,
               and the PM timeout callback for stopping the motors never gets
               executed.  This delay allows Windows to stay in PM a little
               longer, so that all devices reset properly.

  -------------

  Key:         ExclusionsEnabled
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     1
  Platforms:   WinNT, Win95
  Description: This key controls NAVAP's exclusions APIs.  If it contains 0,
               the exclusions APIs will be disabled.
  Purpose:     Needed when tracking problems.

  -------------

  Key:         ExecuteAgent
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     1
  Platforms:   Win95
  Description: During the initialization of NAVAP (when it loads statically),
               the driver registers for appy time to execute its agent.  When
               it gets notified of the appy time, it calls the Shell VxD to
               launch the agent.  If this key is set to 0, the code for
               launching the agent will be skipped, and the agent will not be
               executed.
  Purpose:     A user on MSN has reported that NAVAP displays a message
               during startup, saying that the agent could not be launched.
               Since the execution of the agent is done in different steps
               and the same message is displayed if either step failed, this
               key together with RegisterAppyTimeForAgent should be used to
               determine the location of the breakage.

  -------------

  Key:         FileCacheEntries
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     0x1000
  Platforms:   WinNT
  Description: NAVAP caches the file IDs of the last few files that were
               scanned and that were determined to be clean.  This key sets
               the number of file ID entries in the cache.  Currently
               (8-28-96), each cache entry is 16 bytes in size.  Setting
               this key to 0 fully disables the caching.
  Purpose:     Use this registry switch to track problems and to fine tune
               NAVAP's performance and memory usage.

  -------------

  Key:         FileCacheFilterFlags
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     0x14
  Platforms:   WinNT
  Description: NAVAP caches the file IDs of the last few files that were
               scanned and that were determined to be clean.  Certain
               devices are known to not reliably return this unique file ID,
               and therefore confuse the cache.  This key can be used to
               filter out such devices.  The value can be a combination of
               the following flags (defined in the WinNT 3.51 DDK):

               FILE_REMOVABLE_MEDIA         0x00000001
               FILE_READ_ONLY_DEVICE        0x00000002
               FILE_FLOPPY_DISKETTE         0x00000004
               FILE_WRITE_ONCE_MEDIA        0x00000008
               FILE_REMOTE_DEVICE           0x00000010
               FILE_DEVICE_IS_MOUNTED       0x00000020
               FILE_VIRTUAL_VOLUME          0x00000040

               Its default value is currently a combination of the
               FILE_REMOTE_DEVICE and FILE_FLOPPY_DISKETTE flags, which means
               that no caching will be done on floppy diskette drives and
               remote (network) drives.  Setting this key to 0 will enable
               the caching on all devices.
  Purpose:     Use this registry switch to selectively enable/disable the
               file caching on certain media.

  -------------

  Key:         ForcedInt13DeviceList
  Value:       binary data
  Default:     zero length binary data
  Platforms:   WinNT (limited support), Win95
  Description: This key controls which devices are examined when NAVAP
               creates the list of INT 13 devices.  If there is binary data
               in this key, it is treated as an array of bytes.  Each member
               of this array is an INT 13 device ID, which will be examined,
               even if IOS/BIOS do not report it as valid and
               IgnoreInt13DeviceCount is 0.  The maximum length of this array
               is 256 bytes.  Anything after the 256th byte will be ignored.
               Incorrectly built list of INT 13 devices may result in errors
               when reporting device related events, or missing boot sector
               viruses / virus like activities!
  Purpose:     This key was introduced together with IgnoreInt13DeviceCount.
               It should be used to force processing of certain INT 13
               devices when setting IgnoreInt13DeviceCount to non-zero value
               does not work.
  Note:        Processing of devices specified by this key override the
               functionality of IgnoreInt13DeviceCount, but can be overridden
               by HostileInt13DeviceList.

  -------------

  Key:         HostileInt13DeviceList
  Value:       binary data
  Default:     zero length binary data
  Platforms:   WinNT (limited support), Win95
  Description: This key controls which devices are examined when NAVAP
               creates the list of INT 13 devices.  If there is binary data
               in this key, it is treated as an array of bytes.  Each member
               of this array is an INT 13 device ID, which will be skipped
               when creating the device list.  The maximum length of this
               array is 256 bytes.  Anything after the 256th byte will be
               ignored.  Incorrectly built list of INT 13 devices may result
               in errors when reporting device related events, or missing
               boot sector viruses / virus like activities!
  Purpose:     This key was introduced together with IgnoreInt13DeviceCount.
               It should be used to exclude processing of certain INT 13
               devices when setting IgnoreInt13DeviceCount to 0 does not
               work.
  Note:        Processing of devices specified by this key override the
               functionality of both IgnoreInt13DeviceCount and
               ForcedInt13DeviceList.

  -------------

  Key:         IgnoreInt13DeviceCount
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     0
  Platforms:   WinNT (limited support), Win95
  Description: During startup, NAVAP creates a list of INT 13 devices.  This
               list is later used to detect boot/MBR virus-like activities
               as well as to determine which devices to be scanned during
               shutdown.  To create this list, NAVAP walks through INT 13
               devices, gets their parameters and processes the data.  If
               this key contains 0, NAVAP gets a list of valid INT 13 devices
               from IOS/BIOS, and processes only these.  If this key contains
               a non-zero value, all devices from 0 to 0FFh are processed.
  Purpose:     In the first release of NAVAP, all devices from 0 to 0FFh were
               being processed.  Incompatibilties with some controllers and
               computers (specifically Compaq) have been found, and because
               of this NAVAP had to be changed to limit the devices to only
               what IOS/BIOS reports as valid.  This key is a backdoor for
               restoring the old functionality in case IOS/BIOS do not report
               correct counts.  Incorrectly built list of INT 13 devices may
               result in errors when reporting device related events, or
               missing boot sector viruses / virus like activities!
  Note:        Processing of devices specified in ForcedInt13DeviceList and
               HostileInt13DeviceList can partially or fully override the
               functionality of this key.

  -------------

  Key:         RealModeAPCommunication
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     1
  Platforms:   Win95
  Description: When NAVAP loads, it checks whether NAVTSR/NAVBOOT is present
               and disables it if it is there.  This is done by issuing
               several RM INT 2F calls to the APIs of NAVTSR/NAVBOOT.  If
               this key contains 0, then the code for issuing the INT 2Fs
               will be disabled.  Doing so may cause conflicts between the
               PM AP and RM AP!
  Purpose:     Needed when tracking problems during startup.

  -------------

  Key:         RealModeAPEmulation
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     1
  Platforms:   Win95
  Description: When NAVAP loads, it installs emulation of the NAVTSR/NAVBOOT
               INT 2F APIs.  This emulation is used by the DOS scanner to
               disable NAVAP when it accesses files for scanning.  If this
               key contains 0, then the emulation APIs will not be installed,
               and RM clients will not be able to communicate with NAVAP.
  Purpose:     Needed when tracking problems during startup.  It can also be
               used to increase NAVAP's security by preventing any RM clients
               from disabling the driver through the INT 2F APIs.

  -------------

  Key:         RegisterAppyTimeForAgent
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     1
  Platforms:   Win95
  Description: During the initialization of NAVAP (when it loads statically),
               the driver registers for appy time to execute its agent.  If
               this key is set to 0, the code for registering the appy time
               will be skipped, and the agent will not be executed.
  Purpose:     (same as ExecuteAgent)

  -------------

  Key:         SendInfoPackets
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     1
  Platforms:   WinNT, Win95
  Description: When NAVAP needs to notify its user mode counterpart of an
               event or action, it builds an asynchronous information packet.
               This packet is then sent to the DriverComm module, which queues
               it for "pick-up".  A user mode thread of NAVAP's counterpart
               constantly picks up queued packets, transfers them to user
               mode, and processes them.
  Purpose:     If a test case generates info packets faster than they can be
               picked up by user mode, then sooner or later the system will
               start running out of memory.  Use this registry key to disable
               generation of info packets while running such tests.

  -------------

  Key:         ShowUIWhileScanningBoot
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     1
  Platforms:   Win95
  Description: During shutdown, NAVAP can be configured to scan removable
               media devices for boot sector viruses.  While scanning these
               boot sectors, NAVAP switches to message mode and displays a
               dialog showing the progress of the scan.  This key controls
               the code for displaying this dialog.  If the key is set to 0,
               the code will be skipped and the user will not see the
               message.
  Purpose:     Certain video boards or video drivers have problems switching
               to message mode to display NAVAP's UI after the shutdown
               screen of Windows 95 has been displayed.  This key somewhat
               solves the problem.
  Note:        If a virus is found during that scan, NAVAP will disregard the
               value of this key, and it will still attempt to display its
               notification.

  -------------

  Key:         SIDLength
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     0x44
  Platforms:   WinNT
  Description: During NAVAP initialization, the driver preallocates memory
               which is later used to store SIDs.  These SIDs are used to
               identify events when sending information packets to user mode.
               Due to the limited SID support provided by NTOSKRNL, the
               maximum length of a SID had to be predetermined during the
               development of the driver, and had to be hard-coded in the
               executable.  Yet, to give NAVAP some slack, this hard-coded
               variable was "exported" through this registry key, which
               defines the maximum length of a SID.  This length is returned
               by calling the RtlLengthRequiredSid() function, passing it the
               number of subauthorities needed.  The maximum number of
               subauthorities is defined in the WinNT SDK as
               SID_MAX_SUB_AUTHORITIES, and it is currently 15.
  Purpose:     The SID structure is private to WinNT, therefore its length
               may change in new revisions of the OS.  Use this key to adjust
               NAVAP in case support for larger SIDs becomes necessary.

  -------------

  Key:         TruncateProgramFileExtensions
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     1
  Platforms:   WinNT, Win95
  Description: The code in NAVAP which is used to match a file's extension
               with an extension from the list of program files can work two
               ways.  The default way is to truncate each file's extension to
               3 or less characters, and then match the resulting string with
               the strings in the list.  The second way, which will be
               activated if this registry key was set to 0, is to perform
               exact match of the extension without any string modification.
               For example, with the default value for this registry key,
               "MyFile.COMFILE" would match the extension ".COM".  Setting
               the value of the key to 0 will not anymore match the above
               strings.
  Purpose:     Use this registry key if it becomes necessary for NAVAP to
               make a distinction of files with extensions longer than 3
               characters.
  Note:        The format of the list with extensions, as it is saved in
               NAVOPTS.DAT, can be easily modified to support extensions with
               more than 3 characters.  If this is done, and if the value of
               that key is set to 0, all old extensions should be changed
               from ".EXT" to ".EXT*" in order to preserve the current
               functionality.

  -------------

  Key:         UsePAMEngine
  Value:       DWORD
  Default:     1
  Platforms:   WinNT, Win95
  Description: This key controls AVAPI's PAM engine.  If it contains 0, PAM
               will be disabled.
  Purpose:     Needed when tracking problems, or for increasing performance.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Installing to high-ascii, LFN directories
-----------------------------------------

Don't install to a high-ascii LFN directory - you may encounter rare
problems with installing entries in to the registry, and also
problems running the uninstall. The uninstall seems to be a problem
with the 16-bit windows subsystem under NT. The source of the install
problem is unclear. The work-around for the uninstall problem is to
copy setup.exe to another directory (non-high-ASCII non-LFN) and run
it from there. Then should be able to run the uninstall correctly.

NEC support
-----------------------------------------

NAV 2.0 runs on NEC machines, but is not fully tested. The only known
limitation is that you will get an error scanning floppy drives. We
recommend that the user turn floppy scanning off. Normal DOS boot
viruses are no risk to the machine, and there are no native NEC boot
viruses.

WINT351.EXE
-----------------------------------------

This is a redistributable from Microsoft that installs WININET.DLL.
We have seen this rarely GPF while running (as part of our install).
Our install does not monitor its completion. If LiveUpdate doesn't
function, they should rerun the install.

LiveUpdate fails silently if the file path is missing
-----------------------------------------

In regards to Maverick and Virus Definitions Updates:  The reg key
\HKLM\software\symantec\installed apps still had a value NAVDEFS
whose data is a non-existant path.  Live Update will install the new
files to this path.  When Live Update encounters any error, including
path not found, it fails silently, not letting the user know in ANY
way that the files were infact not updated.  This key should only
exist if NAV is installed or during Live Update's run time.
