{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\li270\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\li540\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li270\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext15 Body Text 2;}{\*\cs16 \additive\ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\s17\widctlpar \f4\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext17 footnote text;}{\*\cs18 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s19\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \snext19 Topic Text;}{\s20\fi-288\li288\sb60\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext20 Topic Bullet List;}{
\s21\fi-288\li864\widctlpar\tx864 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext21 Topic Bullet List Indent;}{\s22\li245\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \snext19 Topic Text Indent;}{\s23\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \snext19 Topic Title (NSR);}{
\s24\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext24 header;}{\s25\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext25 footer;}{\*\cs26 \additive\sbasedon10 page number;}}{\info{\title Norton AntiVirus Scanner Technical Support}
{\author Ken Schneider}{\operator Elizabeth Anders}{\creatim\yr1998\mo2\dy25\hr20\min41}{\revtim\yr1998\mo5\dy19\hr11\min43}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords480}{\nofchars2737}{\*\company Symantec}{\vern57431}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0{\*\template C:\\MSOffice\\Templates\\SYMHELP4.DOT}\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\header \pard\plain \s24\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 NStask.rtf PyramidTech Review {\field{\*\fldinst  DATE 
}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 02/26/98}}}{\field{\*\fldinst  TIME }{\fldrslt {\lang1024 4:03 PM}}}\tab {\field{\*\fldinst {\cs26  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs26\lang1024 2}}}
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s25\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  AUTHOR  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Elizabeth Anders}}}
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  FILENAME  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Nstask.rtf}}}
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  PRINTDATE  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 00/00/00 0:00 AM}}}
\par }{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s23\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\cs18\b0\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} SUPPORT_OEM
\par }} {\cs18\b0\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super $} Sources for Support and Virus Definitions Updates
\par }} {\cs18\b0\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super K} Technical Support; support, technical; phone; help, tech support; updating}} Technical Support
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\b Norton AntiVirus Scanner Technical Support
\par }Notice: The support services outlined below are available at the time of release of this product. Symantec reserves the right to change or eliminate support services or options at any time.
\par {\b Complimentary Telephone Technical Support
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s19\fi-360\li360\sb60\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}Available to Calluna customers for 30 days from the date of purchase. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}1-888-HARDWALL for customers in the United States
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}+44-1592-631245 for customers outside United States
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}Available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
\par \pard \s19\sb60\widctlpar {\b PriorityCare Telephone Services
\par }\pard\plain \sb60\nowidctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 PriorityCare offers two \ldblquote pay as you go\rdblquote  options:
\par }\pard\plain \s22\li245\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 PriorityCare 800 number
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s21\fi-288\li864\widctlpar\tx864{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent288\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 $29 per call charged to your credit card (VISA, MasterCard or American Express).
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}(800) 927-3991 Monday through Friday, 6:00 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Pacific time. 
\par \pard\plain \s22\li245\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 PriorityCare 900 number
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s21\fi-288\li864\widctlpar\tx864{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent288\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 $2 per minute after the first minute charged to your telephone bill.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}(900) 646-0007 Monday through Friday, 6:00 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Pacific time.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\b Online Services
\par }\pard\plain \sb60\nowidctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 Online services provide a variety of electronic service and support options.
\par }\pard\plain \s19\li270\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\b Internet
\par }\pard\plain \s15\li270\nowidctlpar \f7\fs16 
Technical support for Norton AntiVirus is available online. You will need set up an Internet connection and install a web browser to ensure that you connect successfully. (For more information about connecting to the Internet, please refer to the Internet
 help file shipped with this product.) The Internet address for the Norton AntiVirus Support Center is:
\par \pard\plain \li270\sb120\nowidctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 http://service.symantec.com/nav/
\par After you connect to the Norton AntiVirus Support Center, you have quick access to the following services:
\par }\pard\plain \s22\li540\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\b File download area
\par }\pard\plain \s19\li540\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 
Download files such as product updates, the latest virus definitions, and documents about your product. To browse all the files in the Symantec file download section, connect to the Norton AntiVirus file download area at http://service.symantec.com/ftp/na
vftp.html.
\par \pard\plain \s22\li540\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\b Frequently Asked Questions documents (also known as FAQs)
\par }\pard\plain \li540\sb120\nowidctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 Read a document that contains commonly asked questions and ans
wers. These documents are compiled by Symantec technicians and are updated frequently to reflect the support issues our technicians see each day.
\par }\pard\plain \s19\li540\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\b Interactive support system
\par }\pard\plain \li540\sb120\nowidctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 
Submit a technical issue in plain text to our interactive support system. The system will ask you a series of related questions, much as a telephone technician would as he or she closes in on a solution to your problem. After a few follow up questions, th
e support system will display an answer or provide other technical support options.
\par }\pard\plain \s19\li540\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\b Knowledge bases
\par }\pard\plain \li540\sb120\nowidctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 
Search the Symantec product knowledge base to find an answer to your support question. You can use a number of advanced search techniques to find the precise information you need quickly. If you are not sure how to perform advanced searches, information i
s available online.
\par }\pard\plain \s19\li540\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\b Online discussion groups
\par }\pard\plain \li540\sb120\nowidctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 Use your worldwide web browser to access the discussion group that focuses on your product. From the convenience of your browser, you can read discussions on line, send a message to a support tech
nician, or search for a topic in the discussion area. If you send a note to an online technician, you can expect an answer within 24 hours (excluding weekends and holidays).}{\b\f7\fs16 
\par }\pard \li360\sb120\nowidctlpar {\b\f7\fs16 Symantec BBS (available for software downloads only)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}}\pard \li360\sb120\nowidctlpar\tx547{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\f7\fs16 (541) 484-6669 for 28.8 Baud
\par }\pard\plain \s19\li360\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\b CompuServe
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}}\pard\plain \li360\sb120\nowidctlpar\tx547{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4 {\f7\fs16 Type GO SYMANTEC at any ! prompt. 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\li360\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\b America Online
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}}\pard\plain \li360\sb120\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnfs16\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4 {\f7\fs16 Type keyword: SYMANTEC}
\par \pard\plain \s23\li360\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\fs16\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4 
\par }