{\rtf1\ansi \deff5\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1,NSR;}{\s2\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 
\b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2,task;}{\s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\ri130\sb60\sa48\widctlpar\tx432 \f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 
\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}{\s6\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \i\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}{\s7\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 7;}{\s8\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 
\i\f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 8;}{\s9\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \i\f5\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li270\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext15 Body Text 2;}
{\*\cs16 \additive\ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\s17\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 footnote text;}{\*\cs18 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s19\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \snext19 Topic Text;}{
\s20\fi-288\li288\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx288\tx432 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext20 Topic Bullet List;}{\s21\fi-288\li864\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tx864 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext21 Topic Bullet List Indent;}{\s22\li245\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 
\snext19 Topic Text Indent;}{\s23\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \snext19 Topic Title (NSR);}{\s24\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext24 header;}{
\s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext25 footer;}{\*\cs26 \additive\sbasedon10 page number;}{\s27\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext27 Normal Indent;}{
\s28\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 Tip/Note Heading;}{\s29\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext29 Tip/Note Text;}{\s30\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb40\sa40\sl260\slmult0
\widctlpar\tx432\hyphpar0 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext30 Topic Step #;}{\s31\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext31 Normal Numbered;}{\*\cs32 \additive\cf2 \sbasedon10 GRAPHICREFERENCE;}{\s33\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar
\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Related Text;}{\s34\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Block Text;}{\s35\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext35 Normal Bullet;}
{\s36\fi-360\li792\ri130\sb40\sa40\widctlpar\tx792 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext36 Indented Bullet;}{\s37\li115\ri130\sb60\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon17\snext0 Note;}{\*\cs38 \additive\b \sbasedon10 Bold;}}{\info
{\title Norton AntiVirus Scanner Technical Support}{\author Ken Schneider}{\operator Elizabeth Anders}{\creatim\yr1998\mo2\dy25\hr20\min41}{\revtim\yr1998\mo7\dy28\hr15\min48}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords460}{\nofchars2626}
{\*\company Symantec}{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\linkstyles\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0{\*\template C:\\MSOffice\\Templates\\word6.dot}\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\header \pard\plain \s24\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 
\f5\fs20 NStask.rtf PyramidTech Review {\field{\*\fldinst  DATE }{\fldrslt {\lang1024 02/26/98}}}{\field{\*\fldinst  TIME }{\fldrslt {\lang1024 4:03 PM}}}\tab {\field{\*\fldinst {\cs26  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs26\lang1024 1}}}
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  AUTHOR  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Elizabeth Anders}}}
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  FILENAME  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Nstask.rtf}}}
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  PRINTDATE  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 00/00/00 0:00 AM}}}
\par }{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 {\cs18\b0\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs18\super #} SUPPORT_OEM
\par }} {\cs18\b0\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s17\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs18\super $} Sources for Support and Virus Definitions Updates
\par }} {\cs18\b0\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs18\super K} Technical Support; support, technical; phone; help, tech support; updating}} Technical Support
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 Notice: The support services outlined below are available at the time of release of this product. Symantec reserves the right to change or eliminate support services or options at any time.

\par {\b Symantec PriorityCare Telephone Services}
\par PriorityCare offers two \ldblquote pay as you go\rdblquote  options:
\par PriorityCare 800 number
\par \pard\plain \s35\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab $29 per call charged to your credit card (VISA, MasterCard or American Express).
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab (800) 927-3991 Monday through Friday, 6:00 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Pacific time. 
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 PriorityCare 900 number
\par \pard\plain \s35\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab $2.95 per minute after the first minute charged to your telephone bill.
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab (900) 646-0007 Monday through Friday, 6:00 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Pacific time.
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Online Services}
\par Online services provide a variety of electronic service and support options.
\par {\b Internet}
\par Technical support for Norton AntiVirus is available online. You will need set up an Internet connect
ion and install a web browser to ensure that you connect successfully. (For more information about connecting to the Internet, please refer to the Internet help file shipped with this product.) The Internet address for the Norton AntiVirus Support Center 
is:
\par \pard\plain \s27\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 http://www.symantec.com/techsupp/nav/
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 After you connect to the Norton AntiVirus Support Center, you have quick access to the following services:
\par {\b File download area
\par }Download files such as product updates, the latest virus definitions, and documents about your product. To browse all the files in the Symantec file download section, connect to the Norton AntiVirus file download area at:
\par \pard\plain \s27\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 http://www.symantec.com/techsupp/nav/files_nav.html.
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Frequently Asked Questions documents (also known as FAQs)}
\par Read a document that contains commonly asked questions and answers. These documents are compiled by Symantec technicians and are updated frequently to reflect the support issues our technicians see each day.
\par {\b Interactive support system}
\par Submit a technical issue in plain
 text to our interactive support system. The system will ask you a series of related questions, much as a telephone technician would as he or she closes in on a solution to your problem. After a few follow up questions, the support system will display an 
answer or provide other technical support options.
\par {\b Knowledge bases}
\par Search the Symantec product knowledge base to find an answer to your support question. You can use a number of advanced search techniques to find the precise information you need quickly. If
 you are not sure how to perform advanced searches, information is available online.
\par {\b Online discussion groups}
\par Use your worldwide web browser to access the discussion group that focuses on your product. From the convenience of your browser, you can read discussions on line, send a message to a support technician, or search for a topic in the discussion area. If yo
u send a note to an online technician, you can expect an answer within 24 hours (excluding weekends and holidays).
\par {\b Symantec BBS (available for software downloads only)}
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab (541) 484-6669 for 28.8 Baud
\par {\b CompuServe}
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab Type GO SYMANTEC at any ! prompt. 
\par {\b America Online}
\par \{bmct symw4002.mrb\}\tab Type keyword: SYMANTEC
\par 
\par }