********************************************************
Norton AntiVirus 2004 for Windows 98/ME/2000/XP 
Copyright 2003 Symantec Corporation. 
All rights reserved.		     
Install.txt                                  December 2003

******************************************************** 
INSTALLING NORTON ANTIVIRUS
******************************************************** 

To install Norton AntiVirus from the Norton AntiVirus CD
========================================================

1.  Insert the Norton AntiVirus CD into the CD-ROM drive.
    If your computer is not set to automatically open a 
    CD, you will have to open it yourself.

2.  In the Norton AntiVirus window, click "Install
    Norton AntiVirus". 

3.  In the "Scan for Viruses" dialog box, click "Yes" to 
    scan your computer before installing Norton AntiVirus.

4.  In the Symantec Pre-Install Scanner window, review
    the progress of the scan. If Norton AntiVirus detects
    a virus, it prompts you to delete each file
    individually.

5.  Click "Delete" for each file that you want to delete.

6.  After the scan completes, view the results in the
    scan results Notepad window, then exit Notepad.

7.  In the Norton AntiVirus 2004 Setup window, click
    "Next" to continue with the installation.

8.  Select a folder into which you want to install,then
    click "Next".

9.  Confirm the installation location, then click "Next".

10.  Click "Finish" to complete the installation.


After installation
==================

If your computer needs to be restarted after Norton 
AntiVirus is installed, a prompt appears giving you the 
option to do so immediately. After restarting or if your
computer does not need to be restarted, the Information 
Wizard appears.

You may receive a prompt telling you that your computer 
needs to be restarted for the updates to take effect.


To use the Information Wizard
=============================
The Information Wizard lets you select post-installation
tasks to be done automatically, and review your Norton
AntiVirus settings.

If you choose not to register the software using the 
Information Wizard or if registration fails for some 
reason, you can register by using the Product Registration
option on the Help and Support menu or by using the 
Symantec Web site at www.symantec.com. On the Web site, 
go to the Products page for the registration link.

1.  In the welcome window, click "Next".

2.  In the License Agreement window, click, 
    "I accept the license agreement", then click Next.

3.  Follow the instructions in the Registration window.

4.  Review the subscription service information, then 
    click "Next".

5.  Select the post-install tasks that you want Norton 
    AntiVirus to perform automatically. Click "Next". 

6.  Review the post-installation tasks and configuration 
    settings for Norton AntiVirus. If you want to change
    any of the settings, do so using Norton AntiVirus
    Options. 

7.  Click Finish. If you selected any post-installation
    tasks, they start automatically.


If you need to uninstall Norton AntiVirus
=========================================

If you need to remove Norton AntiVirus from your 
computer, you can use the Add/Remove Programs option in
the Windows Control Panel.

1.  Do one of the following:
    
    On the Windows taskbar, click Start > Settings >
    Control Panel.

    On the Windows XP taskbar, click Start > Control
    Panel. 

2.  In the Control Panel, double-click Add/Remove
    Programs.

3.  In the list of currently installed programs, click
    Norton AntiVirus.

4.  Do one of the following:

    In Windows 98/Me, click Add/Remove.

    In Windows 2000/XP, click Remove.

5.  Click "Remove All" to confirm that you want to 
    uninstall the product.

6.  If you have files in Quarantine, you are asked if 
    you want to delete them. Your options are:

    Yes   Deletes the quarantined files from your
          computer

    No    Leaves the quarantined files on your computer,
          but makes them inaccessible.

7.  Click "Reboot Now", then click "Finish.
      
