{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\li270\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\li540\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li270\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext15 Body Text 2;}{\*\cs16 \additive\ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\s17\li540\widctlpar \f7\fs16 
\sbasedon0\snext17 Body Text Indent 2;}{\s18\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 footnote text;}{\*\cs19 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s20\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \snext0 Topic Title (NSR);}}{\info
{\title Norton AntiVirus Scanner Technical Support}{\author Ken Schneider}{\operator Elizabeth Anders}{\creatim\yr1998\mo2\dy25\hr20\min41}{\revtim\yr1998\mo5\dy19\hr11\min42}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords662}{\nofchars3776}
{\*\company Symantec}{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0{\*\template C:\\MSOffice\\Templates\\SYMHELP4.DOT}\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s20\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\cs19\b0\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs19\super #}  IDH_SUPPORT1_OEM
\par }} {\cs19\b0\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs19\super $} Norton AntiVirus for IBM Technical Support
\par }} {\cs19\b0\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs19\super K} Technical Support; support, technical; phone; help, tech support; updating}} Technical Support
\par \pard \s20\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar {\fs16 Norton AntiVirus for IBM Technical Support
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 Notice: The support services outlined below ar
e available at the time of release of this product and supercede any other support offerings described elsewhere.  IBM and Symantec reserve the right to change or eliminate support services or options at any time.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb120\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs16 Online Services
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 Online services provide a variety of electronic service and support options.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li274\sb60\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs16 Internet
\par \pard\plain \s15\li270\widctlpar \f7\fs16 Technical support for Norton AntiVirus is available online. You will need set up an Internet connection and install a web browser to ensure that you connect successfully. The Internet address for 
the Norton AntiVirus Support Center is as follows:
\par \pard\plain \li274\sb60\nowidctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 http://www.symantec.com/techsupp/nav/
\par }\pard\plain \s15\li274\sb60\nowidctlpar \f7\fs16 Symantec also maintains various regional sites in several languages. These sites can be reached from our main corporate page at: http://www.symantec.com
\par After you connect to the Norton AntiVirus Support Center, you have quick access to the following services among others:
\par \pard\plain \s2\li547\sb60\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs16 File download area
\par \pard\plain \s17\li547\sb60\nowidctlpar \f7\fs16 Download a file from the Symantec file download if you need a product update or other information. Such files include the latest vi
rus definitions, product updates, documents about your product, and so on. To browse all the files in the Symantec file download section, connect to the Norton AntiVirus file download area at http://www.symantec.com/techsupp/nav/files_nav.html
\par \pard\plain \li547\sb60\widctlpar \f4 {\b\f7\fs16 Frequently Asked Questions documents (also known as FAQs)
\par }{\f7\fs16 Read a document that contains commonly asked questions and answers. These documents are compiled by Symantec technicians and are updated frequently to reflect the support issues our technicians see each day.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li547\sb60\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs16 Interactive support system
\par \pard\plain \li547\sb60\nowidctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 
Submit a technical issue in plain text to our interactive support system. The system will ask you a series of related questions, much as a telephone technician would as he or she closes in on a solution to your problem. After a few follow up questions, th
e support system will display an answer or provide other technical support options.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li547\sb60\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs16 Knowledge bases
\par \pard\plain \li540\sb60\nowidctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 Search the Symantec product knowledge base to find an answer to your support question. You can use a number of advanced search techn
iques to find the precise information you need quickly. If you are not sure how to perform advanced searches, information is available online.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li540\sb60\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs16 Online discussion groups
\par \pard\plain \li540\sb60\nowidctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 
Use your worldwide web browser to access the discussion group that focuses on your product. From the convenience of your browser, you can read discussions on line, send a message to a support technician, or search for a topic in the discussion area. If yo
u send a note to an online technician, you can expect an answer within 24 hours (excluding weekends and holidays).}{\b\f7\fs16 
\par }\pard \li270\sb60\nowidctlpar {\b\f7\fs16 Symantec BBS (available for software downloads only)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-274\li548\sb60\nowidctlpar\tx547{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\f7\fs16 (541) 484-6669 for 28.8 Baud
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-274\li548\widctlpar\tx547{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\f7\fs16 North America\tab (541)484-6669
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}Australia\tab \tab 61 2 9879 6322
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}The Netherlands\tab +31 (71) 535 3292
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}Taiwan\tab \tab 886 2739 6160
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li270\sb60\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs16 CompuServe
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \fi-274\li548\sb60\nowidctlpar\tx547{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4 {\f7\fs16 Type GO SYMANTEC at any ! prompt. 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li270\sb60\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs16 America Online
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \fi-274\li548\sb60\nowidctlpar\tx547{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4 {\f7\fs16 Type keyword: SYMANTEC
\par }\pard \sb120\nowidctlpar {\b\f7\fs16 IBM Complimentary Telephone Technical Support
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-274\li548\sb60\nowidctlpar\tx540{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\i\f7\fs16 Up and Running}{\f7\fs16  support is available to IBM customers.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}}{\i\f7\fs16 Up and Running}{\f7\fs16  support is defined as the program starting and attempting to scan the system.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-356\li630\sb60\nowidctlpar\tx630{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\f7\fs16 
Consult the documentation that came with your new system for Help Center phone number, terms and conditions of support and hours of operation.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb120\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs16 PriorityCare Telephone Services (North America)
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4 {\f7\fs16 If you need assistance beyond what is provided by IBM\rquote s }{\i\f7\fs16 Up and Running}{\f7\fs16  support, Symantec PriorityCare phone support offers two \ldblquote pay as you go\rdblquote  options:
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li274\sb60\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs16 Norton AntiVirus PriorityCare 800 number
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \fi-274\li548\widctlpar\tx547{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4 {\f7\fs16 $29 per call charged to your credit card (VISA, MasterCard or American Express).
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}(800) 927-3991 Monday through Friday, 6:00 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Pacific time. 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li274\sb60\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs16 Norton AntiVirus PriorityCare 900 number
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \fi-274\li548\widctlpar\tx547{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4 {\f7\fs16 $2.95 per minute after the first minute charged to your telephone bill.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab} (900) 646-0007 Monday through Friday, 6:00 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Pacific time.
\par }\pard \sb120\widctlpar {\b\f7\fs16 Symantec Telephone Services (Worldwide)
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\f7\fs16 Symantec provides Technical Support and Customer Service worldwide. Services vary by country and include Internatio
nal Partners who represent Symantec in regions without a Symantec office. For general information, please contact the Symantec Service and Support Office for your region.
\par Most International Partners provide Customer Service and Technical Support for Symantec products in your local language. For more information on other Symantec and International Partner locations, please call our Technical Support automated fax retrieval 
service, in the United States at +1 (541) 984-2490, choose Option 2, and request document 1400.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f7\fs16 
\par }}