{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \sbasedon16\snext15 Context-help;}{\s16\sb60\widctlpar 
\f7\fs16 \snext16 Topic Text;}{\s17\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 footnote text;}{\*\cs18 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s19\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 header;}{
\s20\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 footer;}{\*\cs21 \additive\sbasedon10 page number;}}{\info{\author Elizabeth Anders}{\operator Elizabeth Anders}{\creatim\yr1998\mo6\dy25\hr16\min27}{\revtim\yr1998\mo10\dy8\hr12\min30}
{\printim\yr1998\mo6\dy29\hr8\min50}{\version3}{\edmins0}{\nofpages140}{\nofwords2266}{\nofchars12917}{\*\company Symantec / Peter Norton Group}{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0{\*\template C:\\MSOffice\\Templates\\word6.dot}
\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\header \pard\plain \s19\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 Navopts..rtf First Atomic/ Tech Review {\field{\*\fldinst  DATE }{\fldrslt {\lang1024 06/29/98}}}{\field{\*\fldinst  TIME }{\fldrslt {\lang1024 8:50 AM}}}\tab 
{\field{\*\fldinst {\cs21  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs21\lang1024 140}}}
\par }{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #}
 IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCANNER_WHAT_TO_SCAN_MASTER_BOOT_RECORD}}{\f5\fs20 Checks for boot viruses in the master boot record on your hard disk.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCANNER_WHAT_TO_SCAN_MEMORY}}{\f5\fs20 
Checks for viruses resident in your computer's memory before any files are scanned. If a virus is in memory while you are scanning, every file scanned can become infected.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCANNER_WHAT_TO_SCAN_BOOT_RECORDS}}{\f5\fs20 Checks for boot viruses in the boot records on your hard disk and on any floppy disks that you scan.

\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCANNER_WHAT_TO_SCAN_ALL_FILES_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
Scans all files on your disk, including files that are less likely to contain viruses. Check this option for maximum protection.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCANNER_WHAT_TO_SCAN_PROGRAM_FILES_ONLY_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
Scans files with the extensions contained in the Program File Extensions List. These are the files most likely to become infected, including .doc, .dot and .xls files that can contain macro viruses.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCANNER_WHAT_TO_SCAN_PROGRAM_FILES_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
Click to display the Program File Extensions List where you can view, add, or delete program file extensions.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCANNER_WHAT_TO_SCAN_WITHIN_COMPRESSED_FILES}}{\f5\fs20 Scans files
 compressed using any one of several popular compression utilities. Scanning time can increase slightly if you have many compressed files. Note that compressed files within compressed files are not scanned. This option is preset for maximum protection.

\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCANNER_CUSTOMIZE_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
 Click to display the Customize Response dialog where you can differentiate between how Norton AntiVirus responds to file, boot record, and macro viruses. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCAN_BTN_REPAIR}}{\f5\fs20 Allows you to repair the file or boot record. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCAN_BTN_DELETE}}{\f5\fs20 Allows you to delete the infected file. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCAN_BTN_EXCLUDE}}{\f5\fs20 
Allows you to exclude the file from being checked for known viruses. Use sparingly because you are reducing your protection!
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 #{\cs18  IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_OPTIONS_SCANNER_QUARAN_CHKBX}}
 Allows you to quarantine a file which means the file cannot be accessed or run. Also, you can submit the file to the SARC (Symantec AntiVirus Research Center) for further analysis.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCANNER_ADVANCED_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
Click Advanced to display the Scanner Advanced Settings dialog box, which contains more options, including network scanning and drive preselection.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_ALLOW_NETWORK_SCANNING_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Check this option to Allow Network Scanning. This allows you to highlight and choose a specific network drive or All Network Drives from the main window. If this option is not checked, you can't perform network scans.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_ALLOW_SCANNING_TO_BE_STOPPED_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 Enables the Stop button in the Scan Progress dialog box, allowing you to stop a scan in progress.

\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_ALL_FLOPPY_DRIVES_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
All floppy disk drives and other removable media are automatically selected to be scanned when you initiate a scan.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_ALL_HARD_DRIVES_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 All hard disk drives are automatically selected to be scanned when you initiate a scan.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_ALL_NETWORK_DRIVES_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Check this option to automatically select all network drives when you start Norton AntiVirus. This option is dimmed unless you have checked Allow network scanning, above.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_PROGRAM_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DEFAULT_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 Click Default to reset the extensions to the original list installed with Norton AntiVirus.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_PROGRAM_FILE_EXTENSIONS_ADD_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
 Click New to display a dialog box, where you can add a new extension (you'll be asked to enter the extension's letters). 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_PROGRAM_FILE_EXTENSIONS_DELETE_BTN}}{\f5\fs20  Click Remove to delete the selected extension.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_RUN_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 Scans a program file each time you run it.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_OPENED_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 Scans files whenever they are opened, such as when you copy a file. Also scans files when they are moved.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_CREATED_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
Scans files when they are created on your drive by an installation program or by some other means (such as downloading a file).
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_WHAT_TO_SCAN_ALL_FILES_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
Scans all files that you access. This includes files less likely to contain viruses. Check this option for maximum protection.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_WHAT_TO_SCAN_PROGRAM_FILES_ONLY_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
Scans files with the extensions contained in the Program File Extensions List. These are the files most likely to be infected, including .doc, .dot, and .xls files that may contain macro viruses.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_WHAT_TO_SCAN_PROGRAM_FILES_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 Click to display the Program File Extensions List, where you can view, add, or delete file extensions. 

\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_HOW_TO_RESPOND_GRPBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Choose an option to specify how to respond when a virus is found. Choose Prompt to have the most control over what happens to an infected file.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_WHEN_A_VIRUS_IS_FOUND_LSTBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Choose an option to specify how to respond when a virus is found. Choose Prompt to have the most control over what happens to an infected file.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_BTN_REPAIR}}{\f5\fs20 
Allows you to repair the file or boot record. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_BTN_DELETE}}{\f5\fs20 
Allows you to delete the file. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_BTN_CONTINUE}}{\f5\fs20 
Allows you to continue accessing the file. If you select the Continue button when a virus is found, you can activate the virus.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_BTN_STOP}}{\f5\fs20 
Allows you to stop accessing the file. The virus is not activated, but the file is still infected.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_BTN_EXCLUDE}}{\f5\fs20 
Allows you to exclude the file from being checked for known viruses. (Use sparingly because this reduces your protection against viruses!)
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_SHOW_ICON_CHKBX}}{\f5\fs20 Check to allow the Norton AntiVirus Auto-Protect icon to be shown on the task bar.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_CAN_BE_DISABLED_CHKBX}}{\f5\fs20 Check to allow the Norton AntiVirus Auto-Protect feature to be disabled.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_ADVANCED_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
Click to display the Auto-Protect Advanced Settings dialog box. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} VLA}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_VLA_LOW_LEVEL_FORMAT}}{\f5\fs20 
All information on the disk is erased and cannot be recovered. This type of format is generally performed by the software manufacturer. If this activity is detected, it almost certainly indicates an unknown virus at work.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} VLA}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_VLA_WRITE_TO_HARD_DISK}}{\f5\fs20 
Very few programs write to hard disk boot records. Unless you are specifically using a program that writes to the hard disk boot records, such as FORMAT, this activity probably indicates a virus.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} VLA}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_VLA_WRITE_TO_FLOPPY_DISK}}{\f5\fs20 
Only a few programs (such as the operating system FORMAT or SYS commands) write to floppy disk boot records.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} VLA}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_VLA_WRITE_TO_PROGRAM_FILES}}{\f5\fs20 
Some programs save configuration information within themselves. Although this activity often happens legitimately, it could indicate an unknown virus at work.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} VLA}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_VLA_READ_ONLY_ATTRIBUTE}}{\f5\fs20 
Many DOS programs change a file's read-only attribute. Although this activity often happens legitimately, it could indicate an unknown virus at work.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_CHECK_FLOPPIES_FOR_BOOT_VIRUSES}}{\f5\fs20 
Checks for boot viruses on each floppy disk you access (such as, when you list the folder, copy a file, write to a file, or run a file).
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_CHECK_FLOPPIES_WHEN_REBOOTING_COMPUTER}}{
\f5\fs20 Checks a floppy disk in drive A: for boot viruses when you shut down your computer.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_WHEN_REBOOTING_CHECK_BOTH_DRIVES}}{\f5\fs20 
Also checks a floppy disk in drive B: for boot viruses when you shut down your computer. Check this option if you have a system that can boot from a disk in the B: drive. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_STARTUP_MEMORY}}{\f5\fs20 
Scans for any viruses resident in your computer's memory. Viruses in memory can spread to other files that you access.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_STARTUP_MASTER_BOOT_RECORD}}{\f5\fs20 
Scans for boot viruses in the master boot record.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_STARTUP_BOOT_RECORDS}}{\f5\fs20 
Scans for boot viruses in the boot records on your hard disk.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_STARTUP_DOS_SYSTEM_FILES}}{\f5\fs20 
Scans the operating files that your computer uses to start up and run Windows.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_STARTUP_BYPASS_NONE}}{\f5\fs20 
Choose None if you don\rquote t want a bypass key combination.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_STARTUP_BYPASS_BOTH_SHIFT}}{\f5\fs20 
Choose if you want to press both Shift keys to bypass a scan at startup.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_STARTUP_BYPASS_BOTH_ALT}}{\f5\fs20 
Choose if you want to press both Alt keys to bypass a scan at startup.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_STARTUP_BYPASS_BOTH_CTRL}}{\f5\fs20 
Choose if you want to press both control Ctrl keys to bypass a scan at startup.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_STARTUP_LOAD_AUTO_PROTECT_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
Loads Auto-Protect at startup. We highly recommend checking this so that Auto-Protect loads as soon as your computer starts up, which helps ensure maximum protection.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_DISPLAY_ALERT_MSG_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 Check to add a message with instructions or special warnings to all alerts that Norton AntiVirus displays.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_DISPLAY_ALERT_MSG_TXTBOX}}{\f5\fs20 Enter a message with instructions or special warnings to appear in all alerts that Norton AntiVirus displays.

\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AUDIBLE_ALERT_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 Check if you want Norton AntiVirus to sound a tone when it alerts you of a virus.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_REMOVE_ALERT_DIALOG_AFTER_DLG}}{\f5\fs20 Check to specify how long notification dialog boxes stay
 on your screen. Then enter a number of seconds (between 1 and 99) in the Seconds combo box.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_ALERT_SECONDS_CTRL}}{\f5\fs20 Choose the number of seconds (between 1 and 99) the alert should stay on the screen.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_KNOWN_VIRUS_DETECTIONS_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 Records known virus detections (viruses identified in the Virus List).
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_INOCULATION_ACTIVITIES_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
Records detections of boot records that have changed or been inoculated.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_VIRUS_LIKE_ACTIVITIES_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
Records virus-like activity detections (activities that many viruses perform when spreading or damaging data, such as an attempt to format your hard disk).
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_COMPLETION_OF_SCANS_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 Records the date and ending time for scans that you initiate and for scheduled scans.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_VIRUS_LIST_CHANGES}}{\f5\fs20 
Records each update of the Virus List. The updates occur when you update the virus definitions files that Norton AntiVirus uses to detect viruses. You can update the files by clicking LiveUpdate in the Norton AntiVirus main window. LiveUpdate also perform
s scheduled updates automatically.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_OPTIONS_ACTIVITY_LOG_QUARAN_CHKBX}}{\f5\fs20  Records quarantined items.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_LIMIT_SIZE_OF_LOG_FILE_TO_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20  Click to limit the size of the Activity Log file, then enter the desired size in the
 kilobytes combo box. When the specified file size is reached, each new entry added to the Activity Log causes deletion of the oldest entry or entries.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AUTOMATICALLY_CLEAR_LOG_GRPBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
You can set a limit for the log file size. When the specified file size is reached, each new entry added to the Activity Log causes deletion of the oldest entry or entries.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_KILOBYTES_CTRL}}{\f5\fs20 Choose the maximum size for the Activity Log file.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_ACTIVITY_LOG_FILENAME_BROWSE_CTRL}}{\f5\fs20 
Enter the pathname for the Activity Log file or use the browse button to choose an Activity Log filename from a list of files on your computer.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_EXCLUSIONS_LIST_ADD_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 Click New to display a dialog box, where you can add a new exclusion.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_EXCLUSIONS_LIST_EDIT_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 Click Edit to display a dialog box, where you can edit an exclusion.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_EXCLUSIONS_LIST_DELETE_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 Click Remove to delete an exclusion.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_ADD_EXCLUSION_ITEM}}{\f5\fs20 Enter 
the pathname for a file or group of files to exclude, or use the browse button to select a single file from a list. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_KNOWN_VIRUS_DETECTION_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 Excludes the item from checks for known viruses.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_GENERAL_BACKUP_FILE_WHEN_REPAIRING_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
Check to backup the file in Quarantine before attempting to repair. Quarantined files cannot be run or accessed while in Quarantine.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_PASSWORD_PROTECT}}{\f5\fs20  Check to turn on password protection.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_MAXIMUM_PASSWORD_PROTECTION}}{\f5\fs20  Check to password-protect all listed features.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_CUSTOM_PASSWORD_PROTECTION}}{\f5\fs20  Check to password-protect only the items you select in the list box.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_NEW_PASSWORD}}{\f5\fs20 Type a password in the New Password text box; then type it again in the Confirm Password text box.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_OLD_PASSWORD_PROTECT}}{\f5\fs20  Type your existing password in the Old Password text box.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_CONFIRM_NEW_PASSWORD}}{\f5\fs20  Type a password in the New Password text box; then type it again in the Confirm Password text box.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_PASSWORD_LSTBOX}}{\f5\fs20  These are the features you can protect with a password.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_PASSWORD_SETUP_BROWSE_BTN}}{\f5\fs20  Displays the Set Password dialog box.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_PASSWORD_VERIFY_TXTBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 You can choose to password protect all Norton AntiVirus features or to customize which feature are password protected. You must type in your password before you can access either feature.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_AP_CHECK_FLOPPIES_WHEN_REBOOTING_COMPUTER}}{
\f5\fs20 Checks floppy disk drives when you restart your computer.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_CONFIG_ALERT_TARGETS_GRPBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Target types for alerts are displayed in the tree control. Configured targets are also displayed under each target type.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_ALERTS_ADD_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
 Click to add a configured target to the selected target type, above.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_ALERTS_REMOVE_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
 Click to remove a configured target from the selected target type, above. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_ALERTS_MODIFY_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
 Click to modify a configured target in the selected target type, above. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_ALERT_TARGETS_LSTBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Double-click target types to view configured targets.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_SEND_ALERTS_GENERATED_BY_GRPBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Check either or both of the boxes in this group box to send alerts generated by Auto-Protect and/or the Windows Scanner to the configured tar
gets above. Uncheck either or both of the boxes to prevent Auto-Protect or Windows Scanner alerts from being sent to the configured targets.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_AUTOPROTECT_CHKBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Check to enable, or uncheck to disable Auto-Protect generated alerts.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_WIN_SCANNER_CHKBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Check to enable, or uncheck to disable Windows Scanner generated alerts.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_CUSTOM_ALERT_MESSAGE_TXTBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Type a message in the text box below. This message appears each time a local message is generated.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_DISPLAY_ALERT_MESSAGE_CHKBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Check to display alert messages on the local machine.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_SOUND_AUDIBLE_ALERT_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Click to have Norton AntiVirus sound a tone when it alerts you of a virus.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_ENABLE_BLOODHOUND_VIRUS_DETECTION_TECHNOLOGY}}{\f5\fs20 
 Click to enable Bloodhound Heuristic technology, which dramatically increases your protection against new and unknown viruses.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SELECT_DESIRED_SENSITIVITY_LEVEL_CTRL}}{\f5\fs20  Drag the pointer to increase Bloodhound's sensitivity in detecting new and unknown viruses.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_INFECTION_ACTIONS_GRPBX}}{\f5\fs20  These options let you specify different actions for file, macro, and boot virus detections.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_WHEN_A_VIRUS_IS_FOUND_IN_A_FILE_LSTBX}}{\f5\fs20  Choose the action you want Norton AntiVirus to perform when a virus is found in a file.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_WHEN_A_MACRO_VIRUS_IS_FOUND_LSTBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Choose the action you want Norton AntiVirus to perform when a virus is found in a document or template file.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_WHEN_A_BOOT_RECORD_VIRUS_IS_FOUND_LSTBX}}{\f5\fs20  Choose the action you want Norton AntiVirus to perform when a virus is found in a boot record.

\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SCANNER_SCANNER_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
 Click to display a dialog box where you can modify the settings used by Bloodhound Heuristics, which detect new and unknown viruses.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_ALERT_FORWARD_ALERT_TO_NAV_NLM_ALERT_SERVICE}}{\f5\fs20  Check if yo
u want the Norton AntiVirus NLM alerted. You can specify a particular server or notify all NetWare servers running the NLM. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_FORWARD_ALERT_TO_NAV_NT_ALERT_SERVICE_CHKBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Check if you want the alert forwarded to a Norton AntiVirus NT alert service. Then enter or browse for the location of the service. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_FORWARD_ALERT_TO_NAV_NT_ALERT_SERVICE_COMBOBX}}{\f5\fs20  Click to display the network browser where you can select a message relay target.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_EDIT_SNMP_TARGET_NAME_TXTBX}}{\f5\fs20  C
heck to include all SNMP (Simple Network Management Protocol) servers as targets.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_EDIT_SNMP_PROTOCOL_COMBOBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Specify the SNMP (Simple Network Management Protocol) server name in the text box below.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_EDIT_SNMP_ADDRESS_GRPBX}}{\f5\fs20  Type the target
\rquote s full email address.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_EDIT_SNMP_IP_ADDRESS}}{\f5\fs20 
Edit the Simple Network Management Protocol server name. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_SAM_VIA_APPLETALK_CHKBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Click to have Norton AntiVirus receive alerts from Norton AntiVirus for Macintosh (AppleTalk) if installed. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAV_VIA_IPX_CHKBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Click to have Norton AntiVirus receive alerts from Norton AntiVirus NLM IPX if installed.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_ALERT_NAV_IF_NLM_IS_PRESENT_CHKBX} }{\f5\fs20 
Check this box to send alerts to Norton AntiVirus for NetWare, if the Norton AntiVirus NLM (NetWare Loadable Module) is present on your network.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_ALERT_NAV_IF_NLM_IS_PRESENT_COMBO}}{\f5\fs20  Specify which NetWare Server to alert, or select All NetWare Servers to send an alert to all servers listed. 

\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_SHOW_NETWORK_DRIVES_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Check this option to allow network scanning. This allows you to select a specific drive from the main window.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_MESSERV_TARGETS_LSTBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Click to check the box beside a target to activate sending alerts to that target. Uncheck boxes to deactivate certain targets.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_ALERTS_ADD_ITEM_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
 Click to set up a new target.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_ALERTS_REMOVE_ITEM_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
 Choose the target above. and then click to remove it.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_ALERTS_MODIFY_ITEM_BTN}}{\f5\fs20 
 Choose the target above and then click to modify it. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_SMTP_SERVER_SETTINGS_GRPBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Specify the SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) server name in the text box below.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_SERVER_NAME_TXTBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Type the server name in the text box below.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_GLOBAL_MAIL_SETTINGS_GRPBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 These settings apply to all mail messages sent from the local machine. The Message Subject group box below displays a preset message. You can edit this message by typing in new text. The Message From group box most often displays the administrator
\rquote s email address, but you can type in a different address if you want to change where message replies are delivered.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_MESSAGE_SUBJECT_TXTBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 The Message Subject group box below displays a preset message. You can edit this message by typing in new text. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_MESSAGE_FROM_TXTBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 The Message From group box most often displays the administrator\rquote s email address but you can type in a different address if you want to change where message replies are delivered.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_EDIT_STMP_NAME_TXTBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Type a name for the email target that help you to identify the target. This name appears elsewhere in the Alerts property pages and helps you to more easily identify the account.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_EDIT_STMP_ADDRESS_TXTBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Type the target\rquote s full email address.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_ALERT_ALL_NAV_FOR_NETWARE_SERVERS}}{\f5\fs20 
 Check to include all Netware servers as targets.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_TARGET_TXTBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Type the name of the item to add in the text box below.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVNT_WHATHIS_NETWORK_BROWSER_TREE}}{\f5\fs20  Choose a target from the browser or type a target name in the Target text box below.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_OPTIONS_INOC_INOC_BOOT_RECORDS_CHKBX}}{\f5\fs20  Check to have boot records automatically inoculated.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_OPTIONS_INOC_BOOT_RECORD_CHANGED_COMBOBX}}{\f5\fs20 
 Choose how to respond when your are notified that a boot record's inoculation data has changed. Prompt gives you the most control.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} INOCULATION}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_INOCULATION_HOW_TO_RESPOND_GRPBOX}}{
\f5\fs20  Choose an option to choose how to respond to an inoculation issue. Choose Prompt to have the most control over what happens to the boot record. 
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} INOCULATION}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_INOCULATION_BTN_REPAIR}}{\f5\fs20 
Allows you to repair a boot record with an inoculation change, returning the item to its state when it was last inoculated.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} INOCULATION}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_INOCULATION_BTN_INOCULATE}}{\f5\fs20 
Allows you to inoculate or reinoculate a changed boot record.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} INOCULATION}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_INOCULATION_BTN_STOP}}{\f5\fs20 
Allows you to stop the current operation (scanning or accessing a file). No change is made to the inoculation data.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} INOCULATION}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_INOCULATION_PATH_TXTBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
Enter a folder path for the inoculation data. The path must begin with a backslash. The preset path is \\NCDTREE.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_UNKNOWN_VIRUS_DETECTIONS_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20 
Records unknown virus detections (viruses not yet identified in the Virus List).
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_EXCLUDE_FROM_GRPBX}}{\f5\fs20 
Click the activities that you wish to exclude for the specified item.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super *} NAV95}}{\f5\fs20  }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_EXCLUSIONS_LIST_SETTINGS_DLG}}{\f5\fs20 
Norton AntiVirus uses the entries i
n the Exclusion List in all scans it performs. An exclusion is a condition or virus-like activity that would normally be detected, but you have told Norton AntiVirus not to check for it in a particular file. Excluding files doesn't mean "don't find viruse
s" (unless you specifically select that option); rather, it means let some activity proceed because you know a virus did not cause it.
\par \page }{\cs18\f5\fs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs18\super #} IDH_NAVW_WHATHIS_DENIED_ACCESS_CHKBOX}}{\f5\fs20  Records/displays the denied access events.
\par }}