{\rtf1\ansi \deff5\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1,NSR;}{\s2\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 
\b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2,task;}{\s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\ri130\sb60\sa48\widctlpar\tx432 \f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 
\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}{\s6\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \i\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}{\s7\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 7;}{\s8\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 
\i\f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 8;}{\s9\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \i\f5\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\*\cs16 \additive\sbasedon10 
page number;}{\s17\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \snext18 Topic Title (NSR);}{\s18\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \snext18 Topic Text;}{\s19\fi-288\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 \snext19 Topic Text Offset;}{\s20\sb60\widctlpar\brdrt
\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon18\snext18 Topic Related Text;}{\s21\sb60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \snext22 Topic Step Intro;}{\s22\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb40\sa40\sl260\slmult0\widctlpar\tx432\hyphpar0 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 Topic Step #;}{
\s23\li245\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \snext18 Topic Text Indent;}{\s24\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa40\sl260\slmult0\widctlpar\tx432\hyphpar0 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon22\snext24 Topic Bullet List;}{\s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext25 footnote text;}{\s26\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext26 header;}{\s27\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext27 footer;}{
\s28\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext28 Normal Indent;}{\s29\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 Tip/Note Heading;}{\s30\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext30 Tip/Note Text;}{\s31\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext31 Normal Numbered;}{\*\cs32 \additive\cf2 \sbasedon10 GRAPHICREFERENCE;}{\s33\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Related Text;}{\s34\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Block Text;}{\s35\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext35 Normal Bullet;}{
\s36\fi-360\li792\ri130\sb40\sa40\widctlpar\tx792 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext36 Indented Bullet;}{\s37\li115\ri130\sb60\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon25\snext0 Note;}{\*\cs38 \additive\b \sbasedon10 Bold;}}{\info{\author Elizabeth Anders}
{\operator Elizabeth Anders}{\creatim\yr1998\mo6\dy25\hr21\min50}{\revtim\yr1998\mo9\dy17\hr19\min54}{\printim\yr1998\mo6\dy29\hr8\min53}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages17}{\nofwords1192}{\nofchars6799}{\*\company Symantec / Peter Norton Group}
{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\linkstyles\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0{\*\template C:\\MSOffice\\Templates\\word6.dot}\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\header \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 
Nthbtn.rtf First Atomic/ Tech Review {\field{\*\fldinst  DATE }{\fldrslt {\lang1024 06/29/98}}}{\field{\*\fldinst  TIME }{\fldrslt {\lang1024 8:53 AM}}}\tab {\field{\*\fldinst {\cs16  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs16\lang1024 15}}}
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s27\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  FILENAME  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 NTHBTN}}}
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  PRINTDATE  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 06/29/98 8:53 AM}}}
\par }{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s17\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\cs15\f5\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {
\cs15\super *} NT}}{\f5  }{\cs15\f5\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super #} IDH_NAVW_SCHEDULE_HELP_BTN}}{\f5  }{\cs15\b0\f5\super ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super $}Scheduled scans dialog box}}{\f5  }{\cs15\f5\super >{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super >} main}}{\f5  Scheduled Scans}{\b0\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Note: }Right-mouse click any option (button, checkbox, etc.) and choose What's This? to display an explanation of what it does.
\par Use the Scheduled Scans dialog box to schedule a weekly virus scan that runs unattended. If you are using the computer when the scheduled scan begins, it runs in the background so that you do not have to stop working at the computer.
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb80\sa80\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\f5 \page 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page {\cs15\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super *} NT}} {\cs15\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super #}IDH_NAVW_MAIN_WINDOW_HELP_BTN}} {\cs15\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super $}Main Window}} {\cs15\super K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super K}Norton AntiVirus Scanner, main window}} {\cs15\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super + VFOUND:0000}}}
 Norton AntiVirus main window{\b0 
\par }\pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 From the Norton AntiVirus main window you can do the following to detect viruses:
\par \pard\plain \s24\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa40\sl260\slmult0\widctlpar\tx432\hyphpar0 \f5\fs20 {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Click Scan Now to scan selected driv
es immediately. (You don't have to close help. Simply click in the Norton AntiVirus main window, then click Scan Now.)
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab From the Scan menu, choose File or Folders to scan specific files or folders.
\par \pard\plain \s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 You can also click any of the buttons to access more Norton AntiVirus features:
\par \pard\plain \s24\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa40\sl260\slmult0\widctlpar\tx432\hyphpar0 \f5\fs20 {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Click Options to display settings tabs where you can customize Norton AntiVirus features.
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Click Virus List to displays the Virus List where you can view information about the viruses you are protected against.
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Click Activity Log to display a history of Norton AntiVirus activities (for example, it lists each incident of a known virus detection or LiveUpdate).
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Click Quarantine to isolate infected or suspicious files for submission to Symantec AntiVirus Research (SARC).
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Click LiveUpdate to update virus definitions automatically.
\par \pard\plain \s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 To get Help, do one of the following:
\par \pard\plain \s24\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa40\sl260\slmult0\widctlpar\tx432\hyphpar0 \f5\fs20 {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Click Help on the menu bar to display the Contents (Help Topics).
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Click the Help button to display to get context-sensitive help.
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Position the cursor over any option in the Norton AntiVirus main window, click the right mouse button, and choose one of the following:\line What's This?{\b  }Gives a brief description of the option.\line 
Contents: Gives you access to Norton AntiVirus help topics and a Glossary of terms.
\par \pard\plain \s19\fi-288\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 {\f5\fs20 \{bmct symw4003.mrb\}\tab Note that you can keep help open on your desktop by minimizing the help window or by simply clicking back and forth betwe
en help and the product. When you have read the information you need, simply click in the open Norton AntiVirus window. Then, if you need help again, simply reopen help by clicking it in the taskbar below or by clicking in the help window itself.
\par }\pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_I0000; NAVDSK_V0055; NAVDSK_V0050; NAVDSK_V0010")\} for more information.
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\f5 \page 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page {\cs15\b0\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super *} NT}} {\cs15\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super #}IDH_NAVW_AP_HELP_BTN}} {\cs15\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super $}Auto-Protect Settings}} {\cs15\super K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super K}Auto-Protect Settings tab}} {\cs15\super >{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super >} main}} {\cs15\super +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super + OPTIONS: 0003}}}Auto-Protect Settings
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Note: }Right-mouse click any option (button, checkbox, etc.) and choose What's This? to display an explanation of what it does.
\par The Auto-Protect tab allows you to customize the automatic protection feature of Norton AntiVirus. This feature provides your first line of defense against virus infection. 
\par If you performed a complete setup of Norton AntiVirus, leave the preset options as they are. However, for maximum protection, click All Files instead of Program Files. 
\par {\b Note: }To ensure that the Norton AntiVirus Auto-Protect Service runs, go to the Control Panel, Services icon. and see that the AP Service is set to automatic. 
\par \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_V0135; NAVDSK_V0140; NAVDSK_I0010")\} for more information.
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\f5 \page 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page {\cs15\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super *} NT}} {\cs15\b0\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super #}IDH_NAVW_EXCLUDE_FILE_DLG_HELP_BTN}} {\cs15\b0\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super $}Exclude File dialog}} {\cs15\super >
{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super >} main}} {\cs15\b0\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
\par {\cs15\super +EX: 0000}}}Exclude file{\b0 
\par }\pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 From the Exclude File dialog box you can exclude this file from triggering alerts when a virus is detected.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs32\cf2 \{onestep.bmp\}}To exclude files prior to scanning:
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 From the Norton AntiVirus main window, click Opti
ons. Then use the Exclusions tab to specify which files to routinely exclude from scans. Be careful when you do this. You are reducing your level of protection.
\par \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_V0145; NAVDSK_V0150; NAVDSK_I0095")\} for more information.
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\b0\f5 \page 
\par }\pard \s17\sb80\sa80\keep\widctlpar {\b0\f5 \page }{\cs15\b0\f5\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super *} OBSOLETE}}{\b0\f5  }{\cs15\f5\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super #}IDH_NAVW_SCANNER_SETTINGS_DLG_HELP_BTN}}{\f5  }{\cs15\f5\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super $}Scanner Settings}}{\f5  }{
\cs15\f5\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super K} Scanner Settings tab}}{\f5  }{\cs15\f5\super >{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super >} main}}{
\f5  }{\cs15\f5\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super + OPTIONS: 0000}}}{\f5 Scanner Settings}{\b0\f5 
\par }\pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Note: }Right-mouse click any option (button, checkbox, etc.) and choose What's This? to display an explanation of what it does.
\par \pard\plain \s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 The Scanner tab allows you to choose settings that determine:
\par \pard\plain \s24\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa40\sl260\slmult0\widctlpar\tx432\hyphpar0 \f5\fs20 {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab 
What to scan. (All of these should remain checked for adequate protection. For maximum protection, check All Files instead of Program Files only.)
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab 
How Norton AntiVirus should respond when a virus is detected (If you select Custom response, you can then click Customize to choose how Norton AntiVirus should respond to particular types of virus infections: file, boot record, and macro viruses.
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab What buttons to display when Norton AntiVirus prompts you about a problem found during a manual scan
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Click Heuristics to display the Heuristic Scanning options dialog to enable Bloodhound technology, which can dramatically increase your protection against new and unknown viruses.
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Click Advanced to display a dialog box where you can make choices about network scans and what to scan at startup.
\par \pard\plain \s19\fi-288\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 {\f5\fs20 \{bmct symw4003.mrb\}\tab For more help, position the cursor over any option on the tab, click the right mouse button, and choose What's This? to see a description of the option.

\par }\pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_I0065; NAVDSK_V0080; NAVDSK_V0085; NAVDSK_V0092; NAVDSK_V0095; NAVDSK_V0065; NAVDSK_V0055; NAVDSK_V0075; NAVDSK_V0020")\}
 for more information.
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\f5 \page 
\par }\pard \s17\sb80\sa80\keep\widctlpar {\f5 \page }{\cs15\f5\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super *} NTSRV}}{\f5  #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\sb60\nowidctlpar \f7\fs16 {\cs15\f5\super #}{\f5 
 IDH_NAVNT_EMAIL_SETTINGS_DLG_HELP_BTN
\par }} >{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super >} main} EMAIL Settings/Targets
\par }\pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) is the most common Internet email messaging protocol. You can set up SM
TP email accounts as alert targets. To use, this alerting method, you first need to define an outgoing SMTP server, then verify or enter information to appear in each message\rquote s From and Subject fields.
\par \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_F0203; NAVDSK_F0200; NAVDSK_F0201; NAVDSK_F0202")\} for more information.
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\f5 \page 
\par }\pard \s17\sb80\sa80\keep\widctlpar {\f5 \page }{\cs15\f5\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super #} IDH_NAVNT_MESSENGER_SERVICE_DLG_HELP_BTN}}{\f5  }{\cs15\f5\super >{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super >} main}}{\f5  Targets
\par }\pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab You can select Micros
oft domains, workgroups, servers, or local workstations as network alert targets. When a domain or workgroup is targeted, every member machine receives the alert.
\par {\b Note: }When typing a domain name, add an asterisk (for example, Duluth*); when typing a server name, precede it with two backward slashes (for example, \\\\Rm315). 
\par \pard\plain \s35\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab 
You can add NetWare servers alert targets. When a virus is detected on the workstation, a notification is sent to the NetWare server. When Norton AntiVirus for NetWare (No
rton AntiVirus for NetWare) is running, it takes action based on how it has been configured to respond to a workstation virus alert.
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab 
You can relay alerts to one or more remote workstations. By relaying all alerts to a single remote machine, you can effectively establish a dedicated alert server that centrally processes all alerts, as well as centralize the alert log. (All packets rece
ived from the machines originally configured to receive the alerts are automatically added to the remote machine\rquote s Windows NT event log.)
\par \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_F0198; NAVDSK_F0185; NAVDSK_F0186")\} for more information. 
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 {\f5 \page 
\par }\pard \s17\sb80\sa80\keep\widctlpar {\f5 \page }{\cs15\f5\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super *} NT}}{\f5  }{\cs15\f5\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 
\f5\fs20 {\cs15\super $} Alerts Settings}}{\f5  }{\cs15\f5\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super #} IDH_NAVNT_CONFIG_ALERTS_HELP_BTN}}{\f5  }{\cs15\f5\super >{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super >} main}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs15\super K} Alerts Settings dialog box}}{\f5  Alerts Settings
\par }\pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Note: }Right-mouse click any option (button, checkbox, etc.) and choose What's This? to display an explanation of what it does.
\par The Alerts property page allows you to:
\par \pard\plain \s35\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Set up, add, modify, and remove Alerts targets for the following target types:
\par \tab \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab NT Messenger Service targets for Microsoft domains, workgroups, servers, workstations, or users.
\par \tab \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) email messages.
\par \tab \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab SNMP (Simple Network Management Protocol) messages.
\par \tab \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Novell NetWare servers on which you are running, or plan to run, Norton AntiVirus for NetWare.
\par \tab \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Alert targets to be relayed to remote machines.
\par \tab \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Norton AntiVirus for Macintosh(Appletalk) and IPX.
\par {\cs32\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Define how Norton AntiVirus informs you that it has detected a virus or possible virus. 
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 These options apply to all scans that Norton AntiVirus performs (scans you initiate, scheduled scans, and scans performed automatically by Auto-Protect or the Windows scanner).
\par \pard\plain \s2\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 To set up alert targets:
\par \pard\plain \s31\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b 1\tab }Click Options in the Norton AntiVirus main window. 
\par {\b 2\tab }Click the Alerts tab. Target types and their identifying icons appear in the Configure Alert Targets text box.
\par {\b 3}\tab Double-click the target type in the Configure Alert Targets list box to display the list of already configured targets.
\par {\b 4\tab }Check the box to the left of the target to activate it, or uncheck it to deactivate.
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \page 
\par \page 
\par }