{\rtf1\ansi \deff5\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1,NSR;}{\s2\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 
\b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2,task;}{\s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\ri130\sb60\sa48\widctlpar\tx432 \f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 
\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}{\s6\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \i\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}{\s7\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 7;}{\s8\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 
\i\f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 8;}{\s9\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \i\f5\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \sbasedon16\snext15 Term Title;}{\s16\sb60\widctlpar 
\f7\fs16 \snext16 Topic Text;}{\s17\fi-288\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 \snext17 Topic Text Offset;}{\s18\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 Normal Indent;}{\s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext19 footnote text;}{\*\cs20 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s21\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa40\sl260\slmult0\widctlpar\tx432\hyphpar0 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon22\snext21 Topic Bullet List;}{
\s22\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb40\sa40\sl260\slmult0\widctlpar\tx432\hyphpar0 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 Topic Step #;}{\s23\fi-288\li864\widctlpar\tx864 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon24\snext23 Topic Bullet List Indent;}{\s24\fi-288\li864\widctlpar\tx864 \f7\fs16 
\snext24 Topic Step # Indent;}{\s25\fi-1440\li1440\sb60\widctlpar\tx1440 \f7\fs16 \snext25 Topic Text (w/Tab);}{\s26\sb60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \snext22 Topic Step Intro;}{\*\cs27 \additive\caps\fs12\lang1033  Text Code;}{\s28\li245\sb60\widctlpar 
\f7\fs16 \snext16 Topic Text Indent;}{\s29\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext29 Custom;}{\s30\fi-288\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx288 \f5\fs20 \snext16 Topic Note Dk Red;}{\s31\fi-288\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx288 \f5\fs20 \snext16 Topic Note Dk Green;}{
\s32\sb60\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon16\snext16 Topic Related Text;}{\*\cs33 \additive\f7\uldb\cf11\lang1033\nosupersub \sbasedon10 Text Term;}{\s34\sb80\sa80\keep\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \snext16 Topic Title (NSR);}{
\s35\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \sbasedon16\snext35 Context-help;}{\s36\sb60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon16\snext37 Definition Title;}{\s37\sb60\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \sbasedon16\snext37 Definition Text;}{
\s38\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext38 header;}{\s39\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext39 footer;}{\s40\fi-288\li288\sa40\widctlpar\tx288 \f7\fs16 
\snext40 Topic Table Bullet List;}{\s41\sb20\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \snext41 Topic Table Bullet List Intro;}{\*\cs42 \additive\sbasedon10 page number;}{\s43\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 
Tip/Note Heading;}{\s44\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext44 Tip/Note Text;}{\s45\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext45 Normal Numbered;}{\*\cs46 \additive\cf2 \sbasedon10 
GRAPHICREFERENCE;}{\s47\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Related Text;}{\s48\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext48 Block Text;}{
\s49\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext49 Normal Bullet;}{\s50\fi-360\li792\ri130\sb40\sa40\widctlpar\tx792 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext50 Indented Bullet;}{\s51\li115\ri130\sb60\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 
\sbasedon19\snext0 Note;}{\*\cs52 \additive\b \sbasedon10 Bold;}}{\info{\title Chicago help template}{\author Elizabeth Anders}{\operator Elizabeth Anders}{\creatim\yr1998\mo6\dy25\hr13\min37}{\revtim\yr1998\mo10\dy7\hr12\min23}
{\printim\yr1998\mo6\dy29\hr8\min52}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages18}{\nofwords1817}{\nofchars10360}{\*\company Symantec}{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\linkstyles\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0{\*\template C:\\MSOffice\\Templates\\word6.dot}\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere {\header \pard\plain \s38\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 Ntintro.rtf First Atomic/Maxwell Tech Review {\field{\*\fldinst  DATE }{\fldrslt {\lang1024 06/29/98}}}{\field{\*\fldinst  TIME }{\fldrslt {
\lang1024 8:52 AM}}}\tab {\field{\*\fldinst {\cs42  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs42\lang1024 1}}}
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s39\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  AUTHOR  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Elizabeth Anders}}}
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  FILENAME  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 NTNINTRO}}}
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  PRINTDATE  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 06/29/98 8:52 AM}}}
\par }{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 {\cs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super *} NT}} {\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_ONLINE}} {\cs20 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super $}Product Support Online}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
K Technical Support, contacting Technical Support; help, online reference manuals; help, Symantec AntiVirus Research Center; ARC see Symantec AntiVirus Research Center}} {\cs20 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {
\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_I0005}} {\cs20 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 0001}}} {\cs20 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super > main}}}
 Product Support Online
\par \pard\plain \s2\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 For Technical Support information, click here:
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\uldb\cf11 Product Support}{\v !execfile(notepad.exe/support.txt)}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 To consult the online manuals, 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 First click here:
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\uldb \{bmc cd.bmp\}}{\v\uldb !SH(InstallShield_WIN, ar32e30.exe)}  {\uldb Install Adobe Acrobat Reader}{\v\uldb !SH(InstallShield_WIN, ar32e30.exe)}{\f7 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 Then click here to select a manual:
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\uldb\cf2 \{bmc cd.bmp\}}{\v\uldb !SH(InstallShield_WIN, nav5nusr.pdf)}  {\uldb Norton AntiVirus User\rquote s Guide for Windows 95/98/NT}{\v\uldb !SH(InstallShield_WIN, nav5nusr.pdf)}
\par {\uldb\cf2 \{bmc cd.bmp\}}{\v\uldb !SH(InstallShield_WIN, nav5nref.pdf)}  {\uldb Norton AntiVirus Reference Guide for Windows NT Workstations}{\v\uldb !SH(InstallShield_WIN, nav5nref.pdf)}{\uldb 
\par }\pard \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \page 
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page {\cs20 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super *}NT}} {\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_ABOUT_THE_SCHEDULER}} {\cs20 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super $}About the Scheduler}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super K}Scheduler, about}} {\cs20 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_I0090}} {\cs20 >{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super >} main}} {\cs20 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 002}{\super 8}}} About the Scheduler
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
You can schedule virus scans and LiveUpdates. If you are using the computer when the scheduled scan begins, it runs in the background so that you do not have to stop. If you performed a complete setup of Norton AntiVirus, a scan of all local hard disks is
 scheduled to run automatically once weekly. 
\par {\b Note: }On the Alerts Settings tab, you can set an option (CPU load) that allows you to slow the scanning speed when the CPU load reaches a certain amount. This ensures that the Scheduler Services will always run. 
\par \pard\plain \s47\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_V0075")\} for more information.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page 
\par \pard \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \page {\cs20 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super *} NT}} {\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {
\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_ABOUT_NAV}} {\cs20 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super $}About Norton AntiVirus}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {
\cs20\super K}Norton AntiVirus, about}} {\cs20 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_I0000}} {\cs20 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super 
+ INFO: 000}0}>{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super > main}}}About Norton AntiVirus
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
Norton AntiVirus is the most sophisticated and powerful product available to safeguard your computer from virus infection, no matter what the source. If you performed a complete (not custom) setup of Norton AntiVirus, you are protected from viruses that s
pread from hard or floppy disks, viruses that travel across networks, and even viruses that are transmitted across the Internet. 
\par {\b Here's what Norton AntiVirus does automatically:
\par }\pard\plain \s49\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Checks boot records for viruses at system startup.
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Checks programs for viruses at the time you use them.
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Checks floppy disks for boot viruses when you use them.
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Scans files that are downloaded from the Internet.
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Here's what you can do with Norton AntiVirus:}
\par \pard\plain \s49\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Scan specific files, folders, or entire drives for viruses.
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Schedule virus scans and LiveUpdates to run at predetermined times.
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Update virus definitions files regularly.
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Customize Norton AntiVirus protection to match your risk level of virus infection.
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab Quarantine infected files for submission to the Symantec AntiVirus Research Center (SARC). Files submitted to SARC are analyzed and the results are reported automatically within seven days.
\par \pard\plain \s47\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_I0010; NAVDSK_I0060; NAVDSK_I0020; NAVDSK_I0065; NAVDSK_I0075; NAVDSK_V0250; NAVDSK_I0025; NAVDSK_V0010")\} for more information.

\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page 
\par \pard \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \page {\cs20 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super *} NT}} {\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {
\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_ABOUT_NETWORK_SCANNING}} {\cs20 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super $}About Security under Windows NT}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super K}security under Windows NT, about}} {\cs20 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_V5005}} {\cs20 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 0003}}>{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super >} main}} About security under Windows NT
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 Windows NT, because of its flexibility and built-in security, presents special problems for virus control. Under the NT file system (NTFS), you can set different acces
s permissions to the file, folder, or object (such as the boot records) level for each user or group. Not all users will be able to scan all items.
\par \pard\plain \s44\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs46\cf2 \{bmct symw4003.mrb\}}\tab 
If an access denied dialog box is ever displayed, first make sure that you have the necessary permissions for the operation (scan, repair, quarantine, or delete) that you are trying to perform on that boot record, file, or folder.
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Note:} You may find the following rights and privileges apply to boot records:
\par \pard\plain \s49\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab To scan boot records, administrator-level rights are required (even on standalone computers).
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab For shared computers, file access is often limited to one's own files. Only one user must be designated as administrator with rights to scan the system files and boot records.
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab For servers, an administrator must initiate comprehensive scans, but you can scan files on any drive to which you are connected.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 {\b0 \page 
\par }\pard \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \page {\cs20 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super *}NT}} {\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {
\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_TYPES_OF_VIRUSES}} {\cs20 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super $}About virus risk under Windows NT}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 
\f5\fs20 {\cs20\super K}viruses, under Windows NT; Windows NT; virus risk}} {\cs20 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_I0040}} {\cs20 >{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super > main}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 00}0{\cs20\super 5}}} About virus risk under Windows NT
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 There are three main types of viruses: 
\par \pard\plain \s49\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab 
Program viruses, which infect application, operating system and other executable files. Windows NT has inherited all MS-DOS program viruses, which do infect Windows NT executables. However, there are not yet any Windows NT specific viruses. Under Windows
 NT, DOS programs are run in DOS memory space. While in a DOS session, they c
ontinue to infect other programs and can interfere with DOS operations. Generally, program viruses remain active in your computer's memory after an infected program is executed until you end the DOS session.
\par \{bmct symw4005.mrb\}\tab Norton AntiVirus also scans Microsoft Word and Excel documents when scanning program files. Although these are not program files, they can be infected by Macro Viruses.
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab {\ul Boot viruses}{\v DEF_BOOT_RECORD} are a particular risk under Windows NT. A boot virus activates at syste
m startup, before the Windows NT operating system is loaded. If NT can load despite a boot virus infection, the virus is disabled in memory. Your computer is still infected, but the virus does not show its usual symptoms or spread while Windows NT is runn
ing. Many times, however, you won't be able to start up at all. If you boot into MS-DOS on a multi-boot system, the virus is not disabled.
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Note: }All hard and floppy disks have boot records, whether or not they also contain operating system files. A disk doe
s not have to be bootable to be infected by a boot virus; data disks can contain boot viruses, too. A typical way a computer gets a boot infection is to restart with an infected floppy disk in the drive. Even if the floppy disk is not a boot disk, the vir
us activates and spreads.
\par \pard\plain \s49\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab 
Some viruses (called multipartite viruses) fall into both categories. In addition, particular viruses in these categories may be categorized as stealth or polymorphic. Known viruses are categorized in the {\ul Virus List}{\v DEF_VIRUS_LIST}
 by how often you find them, what they infect and how they behave.
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Note: }Macro viruses are viruses that are contained in Microsoft Word and Excel documents. They can spread when you open or save the document.
\par \pard\plain \s47\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_I0025")\} for more information.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page 
\par \pard \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \page {\cs20 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super *} NODECNT}} {\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
{\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_RESPONDING_TO_ALERTS}} {\cs20 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super $}Responding to alerts}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {
\cs20\super K}alerts, respond to}} {\cs20 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_I0060}} {\cs20 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super > main}}
+{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 0020}}}Responding to Norton AntiVirus alerts
\par \pard\plain \s49\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 Norton AntiVirus alerts you when a virus is found.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 If an alert box appears on your screen:
\par \pard\plain \s45\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b 1\tab }Read the message in the alert box to understand the type of problem that was found. 
\par {\b 2\tab }Then follow the instructions for one of the following conditions:
\par \pard\plain \s50\fi-360\li792\ri130\sb40\sa40\widctlpar\tx792 \f5\fs20 {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab {\uldb Repair an infected  boot record}{\v NAVW_PROC_}{\caps\v Repair_an_infected_file_or_boot_record}{\v >TASK}
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab {\uldb Quarantine an infected or suspicious item}{\v NAVW_PROC_QUARANTINE_AN_ITEM>TASK}
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab {\uldb Delete an infected file}{\v NAVW_PROC_}{\caps\v Delete_an_infected_file}{\v >TASK}{\caps 
\par }{\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab {\uldb Work with compressed files}{\v NAVW_PROC_}{\caps\v WORK_WITH_COMPRESSED_FILES}{\v >TASK}
\par \pard\plain \s18\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Note: }
You should not leave an infected file on your computer. Norton AntiVirus can repair most infected files. However, in the case that a file cannot be repaired, you must delete it from your disk or quarantine the file so it cannot be accessed or run outside 
of quarantine. 
\par \pard\plain \s44\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \{bmct symw4005.mrb\}\tab 
Files deleted by Norton AntiVirus cannot be recovered. You need to get into the habit of keeping original disks in a safe place and making backup copies of your files. If you do 
not have an uninfected backup copy of a file, the original program disk, or online access to the file, you need to get a new copy of the file from the software manufacturer.
\par \pard\plain \s47\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_I0010; NAVDSK_V0055; NAVDSK_V0340; NAVDSK_V0335")\} for more information.
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page 
\par \pard \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \page {\cs20 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super *} DEC}} {\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {
\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_RESPONDING_TO_ALERTS}} {\cs20 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super $}Responding to alerts}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {
\cs20\super K}alerts, respond to}} {\cs20 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_I0060}} {\cs20 >{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super > main}}
+{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 0020}}}Responding to alerts
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 Norton AntiVirus alerts you when a virus is found.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20 If an alert box appears on your screen:
\par \pard\plain \s45\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b 1\tab }Read the message in the alert box to understand the type of problem that was found. 
\par {\b 2\tab }Then follow the instructions for one of the following conditions:
\par \pard\plain \s50\fi-360\li792\ri130\sb40\sa40\widctlpar\tx792 \f5\fs20 {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab {\uldb Repair an infected file or boot record}{\v NAVW_PROC_}{\caps\v Repair_an_infected_file_or_boot_record}{\v >TASK}
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab {\uldb Quarantine an infected or suspicious item}{\v NAVW_PROC_QUARANTINE_AN_ITEM>TASK}
\par {\cs46\cf2 \{bmc bulit.bmp\}}\tab {\uldb Delete an infected file}{\v NAVW_PROC_}{\caps\v Delete_an_infected_file}{\v >TASK}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s18\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Note: }You should not leave an infected 
file on your computer. Norton AntiVirus can repair most infected files. However, in the case that a file cannot be repaired, you must delete it from your disk or quarantine the file so it cannot be accessed or run outside of quarantine. 
\par \pard\plain \s44\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 \{bmct symw4005.mrb\}\tab 
Files deleted by Norton AntiVirus cannot be recovered. You need to get into the habit of keeping original disks in a safe place and making backup copies of your files. If you do not have an uninfected backup copy of a file, the original program disk, or 
online access to the file, you need to get a new copy of the file from the software manufacturer.
\par \pard\plain \s47\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx432 \f5\fs20 Click here \{button ,AL("NAVDSK_I0010; NAVDSK_V0055; NAVDSK_V0340; NAVDSK_V0335")\} for more information.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page 
\par \pard \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \page {\cs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super *} NT}}{\cs20 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
{\cs20\super #} IDH_NAVW_COMMAND_LINE_SWITCHES}} {\cs20 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super $}Command line switches}} {\cs20 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 
\f5\fs20 {\cs20\super K}command line switches; switches, command line}} {\cs20 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_I0160}} {\cs20 >{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super > main}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 0040}}}Command line switches
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 NAVWNT.EXE is the Windows interface and scanner. It can be run with command-line switches, typically from the Start menu Run command, to override configuration settings. 
\par NAVWNT [[pathname] options]
\par \pard\plain \s49\fi-1325\li1440\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 pathname\tab 
Any drive, folder, file, or combination of these is scanned. If you want to scan a combination of items, use a space to separate the items. You can use wildcards when specifying pathnames for a group of files (for example, NAVWNT A:C:\\MYDIR\\*.EXE
\par /A\tab \tab All drives, except drives A: and B:, are scanned. Network drives are scanned if the Allow Network Scanning option is selected in the Scanner Advanced Settings dialog box.
\par \pard \s49\fi-605\li720\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 /L\tab \tab \tab All local drives, except drives A: and B:, are scanned.
\par \pard \s49\fi-1325\li1440\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 /S[+|-]\tab Enables (+) or disables (-) scanning of subfolders specified in the pathname; S+ is the default.
\par /M[+|-]\tab Enables (+) or disables (-) scanning of memory (for example, NAVWNT C:/M or NAVWNT D:/M-)
\par \pard \s49\fi-605\li720\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 /MEM\tab \tab Only memory is scanned.
\par \pard \s49\fi-1325\li1440\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 /B[+|-]\tab Enables (+) or disables (-) scanning of boot records (for example, NAVWNT A: /B+ or NAVWNT B: /B-); default is the Scanner options setting
\par \pard \s49\fi-605\li720\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 /BOOT\tab Only the boot records of the specified drives are scanned.
\par \pard \s49\fi-1325\li1440\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 /NORESULTS\tab No scan results are reported on screen.
\par \pard \s49\fi-605\li720\ri130\sb60\sa80\widctlpar\tx432 /DEFAULT\tab Returns settings to how they were when you received Norton AntiVirus.
\par /HEUR:[0|1|2|3]\tab Set Bloodhound(tm) sensitivity (0 disables)
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page 
\par \pard \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\tx432 \page {\cs20\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super *} NT}} {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 
\f5\fs20 {\cs20\super #}NAVW_INFO_CREDITS}} {\cs20\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super $}Credits}} {\cs20\super A{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {
\cs20\super A} NAVDSK_I0100}} {\cs20\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super + INFO: 0042}}>{\footnote \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\cs20\super >} main}} Credits

\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb60\sa120\widctlpar\tx432 \f5\fs20 {\b Product Management}
\par Betsy Baker, Steve Cullen, Lily De Los Rios, Alex Haddox, Marian Merritt, John Moldenhauer, Robert Pettit, Sharon Ruckman, Jack Tang 
\par {\b Program Management
\par }Brian Foster, Francia Saplala, Gary Westerland 
\par {\b Software Development}
\par David Allee, Jim Brennan, David Buches, Tim Cashin, Michael Dunn, Scott Edwards, Barry Gerhardt, David Hertel, Michael Keating, John Millard, David Shannon, Radoslav Stanev, Jacob Taylor
\par {\b Quality Assurance}
\par Kerry Boyte, Paul "FB" Davis, Rob Ficcaglia, Olga Komsitsky, Bob Kolosky, Marc Marcuse, Melissa Mendonca, Chris Nevarez, Greg Patterson, Garret Polk , Ellis Rahhal, Jim Waggoner
\par {\b SWAT Team}
\par Jim Belden, Stanley Ballenger, Rekha Chintalacharuv, Chuck Eaton, Nigel Gallagher, Vance Gloster, Igor Goldshteyn, Rion Millen, Rajesh Pulinthanatu, Dan Sackinger, Mark Santhasouk, Francia Saplala, Scott Smith, P. Venkatraman, Mark Zaremba
\par {\b Shared Tech}
\par Cameron Bigger, Don Carver, Leo Cohen, Alireza Faroush, Ben Hallert, Bruce Hellstrom, Roger Holman, Jim Lamb, Jim Lucan, Bryan Martin, Patrick Martin, Bruce 
McCorkendale, Eoghan O'Donnell, Heath Perryman, Sam Porterfield, Mark Spiegel, Peter Van Nuys, Oleg Volochtchouk 
\par {\b Documentation and Online Help}
\par Elizabeth Anders, Alfred Ghadimi, Karen Goldsmith, Robert Hoffman, Romey Keys, Robert Squires
\par {\b Technical Support}
\par Beth Bryant, Earl Campbell, Brian Cochrane, Erich Dobroth, Christine Frazer, Rochelle Hamlett, Pamela Heine, Ty Hodson, Todd Kieser, Carrie Kelso, Danny Krautschek, Tyrone McDermott, Deborah Light, David Lucas, Russell Lusignan, Dan Pederson, LaVonne Perr
y, Leon Plueard, Carol Simmonds, Matthew Smith, Olga Stamatiou, Chris Steele, Joe Trozelle, Joe Waisman, Robert Walling, Jason Walsh, Gwen White, Ken Zug
\par {\b Engineering Services Team}
\par Stephen Blackmoore, Emma Fielding, Sara Flood, Renal Fuller, Pat Hoed, Will Jobe, Helen Kim, Sebastian Lai, Dave Lewis, Scott Mynatt, Reiko Nozawa, Sheelagh O'Connor, Ed Thompson, Dwight Wilson 
\par {\b Symantec AntiVirus Research Center (SARC)}
\par David Banes, Diop Bankole, Frank Barajas, Sherralee Buzzell, Matt Candelaria, Darren Chi, Eric C
hien, Steven Chu, Philip DeBats, Raul Elnitiarta, Chris Formulak, Yuji Hoshizawa, Henry Jalandoni, Tigran Khanpapyan, Darren Kessner, Maryl Magee, Carey Nachenberg, Cary Ng, Abid Oonwala, Peter Pak, Charles Renert, Ian Roessle, Steve Trilling, Rene Visser
, John Wilber, Motoaki Yamamura
\par }